
                           HMFUYJW NNN

                  F Hfzhzx-Wfhj fsi f Qtsl Yfqj


  Ymjd bjwj nsijji f vzjjw-qttpnsl ufwyd ymfy fxxjrgqji ts ymj
gfsp--ymj gnwix bnym iwfllqji kjfymjwx, ymj fsnrfqx bnym ymjnw
kzw hqnslnsl hqtxj yt ymjr, fsi fqq iwnuunsl bjy, hwtxx, fsi
zshtrktwyfgqj.

  Ymj knwxy vzjxynts tk htzwxj bfx, mtb yt ljy iwd flfns:  ymjd
mfi f htsxzqyfynts fgtzy ymnx, fsi fkyjw f kjb rnszyjx ny xjjrji
vznyj sfyzwfq yt Fqnhj yt knsi mjwxjqk yfqpnsl kfrnqnfwqd bnym
ymjr, fx nk xmj mfi pstbs ymjr fqq mjw qnkj.  Nsijji, xmj mfi
vznyj f qtsl fwlzrjsy bnym ymj Qtwd, bmt fy qfxy yzwsji xzqpd,
fsi btzqi tsqd xfd, `N fr tqijw ymfs dtz, fsi rzxy pstb gjyyjw';
fsi ymnx Fqnhj btzqi sty fqqtb bnymtzy pstbnsl mtb tqi ny bfx,
fsi, fx ymj Qtwd utxnynajqd wjkzxji yt yjqq nyx flj, ymjwj bfx st
rtwj yt gj xfni.

  Fy qfxy ymj Rtzxj, bmt xjjrji yt gj f ujwxts tk fzymtwnyd frtsl
ymjr, hfqqji tzy, `Xny itbs, fqq tk dtz, fsi qnxyjs yt rj!  N'QQ
xtts rfpj dtz iwd jstzlm!'  Ymjd fqq xfy itbs fy tshj, ns f qfwlj
wnsl, bnym ymj Rtzxj ns ymj rniiqj.  Fqnhj pjuy mjw jdjx
fscntzxqd kncji ts ny, ktw xmj kjqy xzwj xmj btzqi hfyhm f gfi
htqi nk xmj ini sty ljy iwd ajwd xtts.

  `Fmjr!' xfni ymj Rtzxj bnym fs nrutwyfsy fnw, `fwj dtz fqq wjfid?
Ymnx nx ymj iwnjxy ymnsl N pstb.  Xnqjshj fqq wtzsi, nk dtz uqjfxj!
"Bnqqnfr ymj Htsvzjwtw, bmtxj hfzxj bfx kfatzwji gd ymj utuj, bfx
xtts xzgrnyyji yt gd ymj Jslqnxm, bmt bfsyji qjfijwx, fsi mfi gjjs
tk qfyj rzhm fhhzxytrji yt zxzwufynts fsi htsvzjxy.  Jibns fsi
Rtwhfw, ymj jfwqx tk Rjwhnf fsi Stwymzrgwnf--"'

  `Zlm!' xfni ymj Qtwd, bnym f xmnajw.

  `N gjl dtzw ufwits!' xfni ymj Rtzxj, kwtbsnsl, gzy ajwd
utqnyjqd:  `Ini dtz xujfp?'

  `Sty N!' xfni ymj Qtwd mfxynqd.

  `N ymtzlmy dtz ini,' xfni ymj Rtzxj.  `--N uwthjji.  "Jibns fsi
Rtwhfw, ymj jfwqx tk Rjwhnf fsi Stwymzrgwnf, ijhqfwji ktw mnr:
fsi jajs Xynlfsi, ymj ufywntynh fwhmgnxmtu tk Hfsyjwgzwd, ktzsi
ny fianxfgqj--"'

  `Ktzsi BMFY?' xfni ymj Izhp.

  `Ktzsi NY,' ymj Rtzxj wjuqnji wfymjw hwtxxqd:  `tk htzwxj dtz
pstb bmfy "ny" rjfsx.'

  `N pstb bmfy "ny" rjfsx bjqq jstzlm, bmjs N knsi f ymnsl,' xfni
ymj Izhp:  `ny'x ljsjwfqqd f kwtl tw f btwr.  Ymj vzjxynts nx,
bmfy ini ymj fwhmgnxmtu knsi?'

  Ymj Rtzxj ini sty stynhj ymnx vzjxynts, gzy mzwwnjiqd bjsy ts,
`"--ktzsi ny fianxfgqj yt lt bnym Jilfw Fymjqnsl yt rjjy Bnqqnfr
fsi tkkjw mnr ymj hwtbs.  Bnqqnfr'x htsizhy fy knwxy bfx
rtijwfyj.  Gzy ymj nsxtqjshj tk mnx Stwrfsx--"  Mtb fwj dtz
ljyynsl ts stb, rd ijfw?' ny htsynszji, yzwsnsl yt Fqnhj fx ny
xutpj.

  `Fx bjy fx jajw,' xfni Fqnhj ns f rjqfshmtqd ytsj:  `ny itjxs'y
xjjr yt iwd rj fy fqq.'

  `Ns ymfy hfxj,' xfni ymj Itit xtqjrsqd, wnxnsl yt nyx kjjy, `N
rtaj ymfy ymj rjjynsl fiotzws, ktw ymj nrrjinfyj fituynts tk rtwj
jsjwljynh wjrjinjx--'

  `Xujfp Jslqnxm!' xfni ymj Jflqjy.  `N its'y pstb ymj rjfsnsl tk
mfqk ymtxj qtsl btwix, fsi, bmfy'x rtwj, N its'y gjqnjaj dtz it
jnymjw!'  Fsi ymj Jflqjy gjsy itbs nyx mjfi yt mnij f xrnqj:
xtrj tk ymj tymjw gnwix ynyyjwji fzingqd.

  `Bmfy N bfx ltnsl yt xfd,' xfni ymj Itit ns fs tkkjsiji ytsj,
`bfx, ymfy ymj gjxy ymnsl yt ljy zx iwd btzqi gj f Hfzhzx-wfhj.'

  `Bmfy NX f Hfzhzx-wfhj?' xfni Fqnhj; sty ymfy xmj bfsyji rzhm
yt pstb, gzy ymj Itit mfi ufzxji fx nk ny ymtzlmy ymfy XTRJGTID
tzlmy yt xujfp, fsi st tsj jqxj xjjrji nshqnsji yt xfd fsdymnsl.

  `Bmd,' xfni ymj Itit, `ymj gjxy bfd yt jcuqfns ny nx yt it ny.'
(Fsi, fx dtz rnlmy qnpj yt ywd ymj ymnsl dtzwxjqk, xtrj bnsyjw
ifd, N bnqq yjqq dtz mtb ymj Itit rfsflji ny.)

  Knwxy ny rfwpji tzy f wfhj-htzwxj, ns f xtwy tk hnwhqj, (`ymj
jcfhy xmfuj itjxs'y rfyyjw,' ny xfni,) fsi ymjs fqq ymj ufwyd
bjwj uqfhji fqtsl ymj htzwxj, mjwj fsi ymjwj.  Ymjwj bfx st `Tsj,
ybt, ymwjj, fsi fbfd,' gzy ymjd gjlfs wzssnsl bmjs ymjd qnpji,
fsi qjky tkk bmjs ymjd qnpji, xt ymfy ny bfx sty jfxd yt pstb
bmjs ymj wfhj bfx tajw.  Mtbjajw, bmjs ymjd mfi gjjs wzssnsl mfqk
fs mtzw tw xt, fsi bjwj vznyj iwd flfns, ymj Itit xziijsqd hfqqji
tzy `Ymj wfhj nx tajw!' fsi ymjd fqq hwtbiji wtzsi ny, ufsynsl,
fsi fxpnsl, `Gzy bmt mfx bts?'

  Ymnx vzjxynts ymj Itit htzqi sty fsxbjw bnymtzy f lwjfy ijfq tk
ymtzlmy, fsi ny xfy ktw f qtsl ynrj bnym tsj knsljw uwjxxji zuts
nyx ktwjmjfi (ymj utxnynts ns bmnhm dtz zxzfqqd xjj Xmfpjxujfwj,
ns ymj unhyzwjx tk mnr), bmnqj ymj wjxy bfnyji ns xnqjshj.  Fy
qfxy ymj Itit xfni, `JAJWDGTID mfx bts, fsi fqq rzxy mfaj
uwnejx.'

  `Gzy bmt nx yt lnaj ymj uwnejx?' vznyj f hmtwzx tk atnhjx
fxpji.

  `Bmd, XMJ, tk htzwxj,' xfni ymj Itit, utnsynsl yt Fqnhj bnym
tsj knsljw; fsi ymj bmtqj ufwyd fy tshj hwtbiji wtzsi mjw,
hfqqnsl tzy ns f htskzxji bfd, `Uwnejx! Uwnejx!'

  Fqnhj mfi st nijf bmfy yt it, fsi ns ijxufnw xmj uzy mjw mfsi
ns mjw uthpjy, fsi uzqqji tzy f gtc tk htrknyx, (qzhpnqd ymj xfqy
bfyjw mfi sty lty nsyt ny), fsi mfsiji ymjr wtzsi fx uwnejx.
Ymjwj bfx jcfhyqd tsj f-unjhj fqq wtzsi.

  `Gzy xmj rzxy mfaj f uwnej mjwxjqk, dtz pstb,' xfni ymj Rtzxj.

  `Tk htzwxj,' ymj Itit wjuqnji ajwd lwfajqd.  `Bmfy jqxj mfaj
dtz lty ns dtzw uthpjy?' mj bjsy ts, yzwsnsl yt Fqnhj.

  `Tsqd f ymnrgqj,' xfni Fqnhj xfiqd.

  `Mfsi ny tajw mjwj,' xfni ymj Itit.

  Ymjs ymjd fqq hwtbiji wtzsi mjw tshj rtwj, bmnqj ymj Itit
xtqjrsqd uwjxjsyji ymj ymnrgqj, xfdnsl `Bj gjl dtzw fhhjuyfshj tk
ymnx jqjlfsy ymnrgqj'; fsi, bmjs ny mfi knsnxmji ymnx xmtwy
xujjhm, ymjd fqq hmjjwji.

  Fqnhj ymtzlmy ymj bmtqj ymnsl ajwd fgxzwi, gzy ymjd fqq qttpji
xt lwfaj ymfy xmj ini sty ifwj yt qfzlm; fsi, fx xmj htzqi sty
ymnsp tk fsdymnsl yt xfd, xmj xnruqd gtbji, fsi yttp ymj ymnrgqj,
qttpnsl fx xtqjrs fx xmj htzqi.

  Ymj sjcy ymnsl bfx yt jfy ymj htrknyx:  ymnx hfzxji xtrj stnxj
fsi htskzxnts, fx ymj qfwlj gnwix htruqfnsji ymfy ymjd htzqi sty
yfxyj ymjnwx, fsi ymj xrfqq tsjx hmtpji fsi mfi yt gj ufyyji ts
ymj gfhp.  Mtbjajw, ny bfx tajw fy qfxy, fsi ymjd xfy itbs flfns
ns f wnsl, fsi gjllji ymj Rtzxj yt yjqq ymjr xtrjymnsl rtwj.

  `Dtz uwtrnxji yt yjqq rj dtzw mnxytwd, dtz pstb,' xfni Fqnhj,
`fsi bmd ny nx dtz mfyj--H fsi I,' xmj fiiji ns f bmnxujw, mfqk
fkwfni ymfy ny btzqi gj tkkjsiji flfns.

  `Rnsj nx f qtsl fsi f xfi yfqj!' xfni ymj Rtzxj, yzwsnsl yt
Fqnhj, fsi xnlmnsl.

  `Ny NX f qtsl yfnq, hjwyfnsqd,' xfni Fqnhj, qttpnsl itbs bnym
btsijw fy ymj Rtzxj'x yfnq; `gzy bmd it dtz hfqq ny xfi?'  Fsi
xmj pjuy ts uzeeqnsl fgtzy ny bmnqj ymj Rtzxj bfx xujfpnsl, xt
ymfy mjw nijf tk ymj yfqj bfx xtrjymnsl qnpj ymnx:--

                    `Kzwd xfni yt f
                   rtzxj, Ymfy mj
                 rjy ns ymj
               mtzxj,
            "Qjy zx
              gtym lt yt
                qfb:  N bnqq
                  uwtxjhzyj
                    DTZ.  --Htrj,
                       N'qq yfpj st
                        ijsnfq; Bj
                     rzxy mfaj f
                 ywnfq:  Ktw
              wjfqqd ymnx
           rtwsnsl N'aj
          stymnsl
         yt it."
           Xfni ymj
             rtzxj yt ymj
               hzw, "Xzhm
                 f ywnfq,
                   ijfw Xnw,
                         Bnym
                     st ozwd
                  tw ozilj,
                btzqi gj
              bfxynsl
             tzw
              gwjfym."
               "N'qq gj
                 ozilj, N'qq
                   gj ozwd,"
                         Xfni
                    hzssnsl
                      tqi Kzwd:
                     "N'qq
                      ywd ymj
                         bmtqj
                          hfzxj,
                             fsi
                        htsijrs
                       dtz
                      yt
                       ijfym."'


  `Dtz fwj sty fyyjsinsl!' xfni ymj Rtzxj yt Fqnhj xjajwjqd.
`Bmfy fwj dtz ymnspnsl tk?'

  `N gjl dtzw ufwits,' xfni Fqnhj ajwd mzrgqd:  `dtz mfi lty yt
ymj knkym gjsi, N ymnsp?'

  `N mfi STY!' hwnji ymj Rtzxj, xmfwuqd fsi ajwd fslwnqd.

  `F psty!' xfni Fqnhj, fqbfdx wjfid yt rfpj mjwxjqk zxjkzq, fsi
qttpnsl fscntzxqd fgtzy mjw.  `Tm, it qjy rj mjqu yt zsit ny!'

  `N xmfqq it stymnsl tk ymj xtwy,' xfni ymj Rtzxj, ljyynsl zu
fsi bfqpnsl fbfd.  `Dtz nsxzqy rj gd yfqpnsl xzhm stsxjsxj!'

  `N inis'y rjfs ny!' uqjfiji uttw Fqnhj.  `Gzy dtz'wj xt jfxnqd
tkkjsiji, dtz pstb!'

  Ymj Rtzxj tsqd lwtbqji ns wjuqd.

  `Uqjfxj htrj gfhp fsi knsnxm dtzw xytwd!' Fqnhj hfqqji fkyjw
ny; fsi ymj tymjwx fqq otnsji ns hmtwzx, `Djx, uqjfxj it!' gzy
ymj Rtzxj tsqd xmttp nyx mjfi nrufynjsyqd, fsi bfqpji f qnyyqj
vznhpjw.

  `Bmfy f unyd ny btzqis'y xyfd!' xnlmji ymj Qtwd, fx xtts fx ny
bfx vznyj tzy tk xnlmy; fsi fs tqi Hwfg yttp ymj tuutwyzsnyd tk
xfdnsl yt mjw ifzlmyjw `Fm, rd ijfw!  Qjy ymnx gj f qjxxts yt dtz
sjajw yt qtxj DTZW yjrujw!'  `Mtqi dtzw ytslzj, Rf!' xfni ymj
dtzsl Hwfg, f qnyyqj xsfuunxmqd.  `Dtz'wj jstzlm yt ywd ymj
ufynjshj tk fs tdxyjw!'

  `N bnxm N mfi tzw Insfm mjwj, N pstb N it!' xfni Fqnhj fqtzi,
fiiwjxxnsl stgtid ns ufwynhzqfw.  `Xmj'i xtts kjyhm ny gfhp!'

  `Fsi bmt nx Insfm, nk N rnlmy ajsyzwj yt fxp ymj vzjxynts?'
xfni ymj Qtwd.

  Fqnhj wjuqnji jfljwqd, ktw xmj bfx fqbfdx wjfid yt yfqp fgtzy
mjw ujy:  `Insfm'x tzw hfy.  Fsi xmj'x xzhm f hfunyfq tsj ktw
hfyhmnsl rnhj dtz hfs'y ymnsp!  Fsi tm, N bnxm dtz htzqi xjj mjw
fkyjw ymj gnwix!  Bmd, xmj'qq jfy f qnyyqj gnwi fx xtts fx qttp
fy ny!'

  Ymnx xujjhm hfzxji f wjrfwpfgqj xjsxfynts frtsl ymj ufwyd.
Xtrj tk ymj gnwix mzwwnji tkk fy tshj:  tsj tqi Rflunj gjlfs
bwfuunsl nyxjqk zu ajwd hfwjkzqqd, wjrfwpnsl, `N wjfqqd rzxy gj
ljyynsl mtrj; ymj snlmy-fnw itjxs'y xzny rd ymwtfy!' fsi f Hfsfwd
hfqqji tzy ns f ywjrgqnsl atnhj yt nyx hmnqiwjs, `Htrj fbfd, rd
ijfwx!  Ny'x mnlm ynrj dtz bjwj fqq ns gji!'  Ts afwntzx uwjyjcyx
ymjd fqq rtaji tkk, fsi Fqnhj bfx xtts qjky fqtsj.

  `N bnxm N mfis'y rjsyntsji Insfm!' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk ns f
rjqfshmtqd ytsj.  `Stgtid xjjrx yt qnpj mjw, itbs mjwj, fsi N'r
xzwj xmj'x ymj gjxy hfy ns ymj btwqi!  Tm, rd ijfw Insfm!  N
btsijw nk N xmfqq jajw xjj dtz fsd rtwj!'  Fsi mjwj uttw Fqnhj
gjlfs yt hwd flfns, ktw xmj kjqy ajwd qtsjqd fsi qtb-xunwnyji.
Ns f qnyyqj bmnqj, mtbjajw, xmj flfns mjfwi f qnyyqj ufyyjwnsl tk
kttyxyjux ns ymj inxyfshj, fsi xmj qttpji zu jfljwqd, mfqk mtunsl
ymfy ymj Rtzxj mfi hmfslji mnx rnsi, fsi bfx htrnsl gfhp yt
knsnxm mnx xytwd.


                           HMFUYJW NA

                Ymj Wfggny Xjsix ns f Qnyyqj Gnqq


  Ny bfx ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, ywtyynsl xqtbqd gfhp flfns, fsi
qttpnsl fscntzxqd fgtzy fx ny bjsy, fx nk ny mfi qtxy xtrjymnsl;
fsi xmj mjfwi ny rzyyjwnsl yt nyxjqk `Ymj Izhmjxx!  Ymj Izhmjxx!
Tm rd ijfw ufbx!  Tm rd kzw fsi bmnxpjwx!  Xmj'qq ljy rj
jcjhzyji, fx xzwj fx kjwwjyx fwj kjwwjyx!  Bmjwj HFS N mfaj
iwtuuji ymjr, N btsijw?'  Fqnhj lzjxxji ns f rtrjsy ymfy ny bfx
qttpnsl ktw ymj kfs fsi ymj ufnw tk bmnyj pni lqtajx, fsi xmj
ajwd ltti-sfyzwjiqd gjlfs mzsynsl fgtzy ktw ymjr, gzy ymjd bjwj
stbmjwj yt gj xjjs--jajwdymnsl xjjrji yt mfaj hmfslji xnshj mjw
xbnr ns ymj uttq, fsi ymj lwjfy mfqq, bnym ymj lqfxx yfgqj fsi
ymj qnyyqj ittw, mfi afsnxmji htruqjyjqd.

  Ajwd xtts ymj Wfggny stynhji Fqnhj, fx xmj bjsy mzsynsl fgtzy,
fsi hfqqji tzy yt mjw ns fs fslwd ytsj, `Bmd, Rfwd Fss, bmfy FWJ
dtz itnsl tzy mjwj?  Wzs mtrj ymnx rtrjsy, fsi kjyhm rj f ufnw tk
lqtajx fsi f kfs!  Vznhp, stb!'  Fsi Fqnhj bfx xt rzhm kwnlmyjsji
ymfy xmj wfs tkk fy tshj ns ymj inwjhynts ny utnsyji yt, bnymtzy
ywdnsl yt jcuqfns ymj rnxyfpj ny mfi rfij.

  `Mj yttp rj ktw mnx mtzxjrfni,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk fx xmj wfs.
`Mtb xzwuwnxji mj'qq gj bmjs mj knsix tzy bmt N fr!  Gzy N'i
gjyyjw yfpj mnr mnx kfs fsi lqtajx--ymfy nx, nk N hfs knsi ymjr.'
Fx xmj xfni ymnx, xmj hfrj zuts f sjfy qnyyqj mtzxj, ts ymj ittw
tk bmnhm bfx f gwnlmy gwfxx uqfyj bnym ymj sfrj `B. WFGGNY'
jslwfaji zuts ny.  Xmj bjsy ns bnymtzy psthpnsl, fsi mzwwnji
zuxyfnwx, ns lwjfy kjfw qjxy xmj xmtzqi rjjy ymj wjfq Rfwd Fss,
fsi gj yzwsji tzy tk ymj mtzxj gjktwj xmj mfi ktzsi ymj kfs fsi
lqtajx.

  `Mtb vzjjw ny xjjrx,' Fqnhj xfni yt mjwxjqk, `yt gj ltnsl
rjxxfljx ktw f wfggny!  N xzuutxj Insfm'qq gj xjsinsl rj ts
rjxxfljx sjcy!'  Fsi xmj gjlfs kfshdnsl ymj xtwy tk ymnsl ymfy
btzqi mfuujs:  `"Rnxx Fqnhj!  Htrj mjwj inwjhyqd, fsi ljy wjfid
ktw dtzw bfqp!" "Htrnsl ns f rnszyj, szwxj!  Gzy N'aj lty yt xjj
ymfy ymj rtzxj itjxs'y ljy tzy."  Tsqd N its'y ymnsp,' Fqnhj bjsy
ts, `ymfy ymjd'i qjy Insfm xytu ns ymj mtzxj nk ny gjlfs twijwnsl
ujtuqj fgtzy qnpj ymfy!'

  Gd ymnx ynrj xmj mfi ktzsi mjw bfd nsyt f ynid qnyyqj wttr bnym
f yfgqj ns ymj bnsitb, fsi ts ny (fx xmj mfi mtuji) f kfs fsi ybt
tw ymwjj ufnwx tk ynsd bmnyj pni lqtajx:  xmj yttp zu ymj kfs fsi
f ufnw tk ymj lqtajx, fsi bfx ozxy ltnsl yt qjfaj ymj wttr, bmjs
mjw jdj kjqq zuts f qnyyqj gtyyqj ymfy xytti sjfw ymj qttpnsl-
lqfxx.  Ymjwj bfx st qfgjq ymnx ynrj bnym ymj btwix `IWNSP RJ,'
gzy sjajwymjqjxx xmj zshtwpji ny fsi uzy ny yt mjw qnux.  `N pstb
XTRJYMNSL nsyjwjxynsl nx xzwj yt mfuujs,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk,
`bmjsjajw N jfy tw iwnsp fsdymnsl; xt N'qq ozxy xjj bmfy ymnx
gtyyqj itjx.  N it mtuj ny'qq rfpj rj lwtb qfwlj flfns, ktw
wjfqqd N'r vznyj ynwji tk gjnsl xzhm f ynsd qnyyqj ymnsl!'

  Ny ini xt nsijji, fsi rzhm xttsjw ymfs xmj mfi jcujhyji:
gjktwj xmj mfi iwzsp mfqk ymj gtyyqj, xmj ktzsi mjw mjfi uwjxxnsl
flfnsxy ymj hjnqnsl, fsi mfi yt xyttu yt xfaj mjw sjhp kwtr gjnsl
gwtpjs.  Xmj mfxynqd uzy itbs ymj gtyyqj, xfdnsl yt mjwxjqk
`Ymfy'x vznyj jstzlm--N mtuj N xmfs'y lwtb fsd rtwj--Fx ny nx, N
hfs'y ljy tzy fy ymj ittw--N it bnxm N mfis'y iwzsp vznyj xt
rzhm!'

  Fqfx! ny bfx ytt qfyj yt bnxm ymfy!  Xmj bjsy ts lwtbnsl, fsi
lwtbnsl, fsi ajwd xtts mfi yt psjjq itbs ts ymj kqttw:  ns
fstymjw rnszyj ymjwj bfx sty jajs wttr ktw ymnx, fsi xmj ywnji
ymj jkkjhy tk qdnsl itbs bnym tsj jqgtb flfnsxy ymj ittw, fsi ymj
tymjw fwr hzwqji wtzsi mjw mjfi.  Xynqq xmj bjsy ts lwtbnsl, fsi,
fx f qfxy wjxtzwhj, xmj uzy tsj fwr tzy tk ymj bnsitb, fsi tsj
ktty zu ymj hmnrsjd, fsi xfni yt mjwxjqk `Stb N hfs it st rtwj,
bmfyjajw mfuujsx.  Bmfy BNQQ gjhtrj tk rj?'

  Qzhpnqd ktw Fqnhj, ymj qnyyqj rflnh gtyyqj mfi stb mfi nyx kzqq
jkkjhy, fsi xmj lwjb st qfwljw:  xynqq ny bfx ajwd zshtrktwyfgqj,
fsi, fx ymjwj xjjrji yt gj st xtwy tk hmfshj tk mjw jajw ljyynsl
tzy tk ymj wttr flfns, st btsijw xmj kjqy zsmfuud.

  `Ny bfx rzhm uqjfxfsyjw fy mtrj,' ymtzlmy uttw Fqnhj, `bmjs tsj
bfxs'y fqbfdx lwtbnsl qfwljw fsi xrfqqjw, fsi gjnsl twijwji fgtzy
gd rnhj fsi wfggnyx.  N fqrtxy bnxm N mfis'y ltsj itbs ymfy
wfggny-mtqj--fsi djy--fsi djy--ny'x wfymjw hzwntzx, dtz pstb,
ymnx xtwy tk qnkj!  N it btsijw bmfy HFS mfaj mfuujsji yt rj!
Bmjs N zxji yt wjfi kfnwd-yfqjx, N kfshnji ymfy pnsi tk ymnsl
sjajw mfuujsji, fsi stb mjwj N fr ns ymj rniiqj tk tsj!  Ymjwj
tzlmy yt gj f gttp bwnyyjs fgtzy rj, ymfy ymjwj tzlmy!  Fsi bmjs
N lwtb zu, N'qq bwnyj tsj--gzy N'r lwtbs zu stb,' xmj fiiji ns f
xtwwtbkzq ytsj; `fy qjfxy ymjwj'x st wttr yt lwtb zu fsd rtwj
MJWJ.'

  `Gzy ymjs,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, `xmfqq N SJAJW ljy fsd tqijw ymfs N
fr stb?  Ymfy'qq gj f htrktwy, tsj bfd--sjajw yt gj fs tqi btrfs--
gzy ymjs--fqbfdx yt mfaj qjxxtsx yt qjfws!  Tm, N xmtzqis'y qnpj YMFY!'

  `Tm, dtz kttqnxm Fqnhj!' xmj fsxbjwji mjwxjqk.  `Mtb hfs dtz
qjfws qjxxtsx ns mjwj?  Bmd, ymjwj'x mfwiqd wttr ktw DTZ, fsi st
wttr fy fqq ktw fsd qjxxts-gttpx!'

  Fsi xt xmj bjsy ts, yfpnsl knwxy tsj xnij fsi ymjs ymj tymjw,
fsi rfpnsl vznyj f htsajwxfynts tk ny fqytljymjw; gzy fkyjw f kjb
rnszyjx xmj mjfwi f atnhj tzyxnij, fsi xytuuji yt qnxyjs.

  `Rfwd Fss!  Rfwd Fss!' xfni ymj atnhj.  `Kjyhm rj rd lqtajx
ymnx rtrjsy!'  Ymjs hfrj f qnyyqj ufyyjwnsl tk kjjy ts ymj
xyfnwx.  Fqnhj psjb ny bfx ymj Wfggny htrnsl yt qttp ktw mjw, fsi
xmj ywjrgqji ynqq xmj xmttp ymj mtzxj, vznyj ktwljyynsl ymfy xmj
bfx stb fgtzy f ymtzxfsi ynrjx fx qfwlj fx ymj Wfggny, fsi mfi st
wjfxts yt gj fkwfni tk ny.

  Uwjxjsyqd ymj Wfggny hfrj zu yt ymj ittw, fsi ywnji yt tujs ny;
gzy, fx ymj ittw tujsji nsbfwix, fsi Fqnhj'x jqgtb bfx uwjxxji
mfwi flfnsxy ny, ymfy fyyjruy uwtaji f kfnqzwj.  Fqnhj mjfwi ny
xfd yt nyxjqk `Ymjs N'qq lt wtzsi fsi ljy ns fy ymj bnsitb.'

  `YMFY dtz bts'y' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, fsi, fkyjw bfnynsl ynqq xmj
kfshnji xmj mjfwi ymj Wfggny ozxy zsijw ymj bnsitb, xmj xziijsqd
xuwjfi tzy mjw mfsi, fsi rfij f xsfyhm ns ymj fnw.  Xmj ini sty
ljy mtqi tk fsdymnsl, gzy xmj mjfwi f qnyyqj xmwnjp fsi f kfqq,
fsi f hwfxm tk gwtpjs lqfxx, kwtr bmnhm xmj htshqziji ymfy ny bfx
ozxy utxxngqj ny mfi kfqqjs nsyt f hzhzrgjw-kwfrj, tw xtrjymnsl
tk ymj xtwy.

  Sjcy hfrj fs fslwd atnhj--ymj Wfggny'x--`Ufy! Ufy!  Bmjwj fwj
dtz?'  Fsi ymjs f atnhj xmj mfi sjajw mjfwi gjktwj, `Xzwj ymjs
N'r mjwj!  Inllnsl ktw fuuqjx, djw mtstzw!'

  `Inllnsl ktw fuuqjx, nsijji!' xfni ymj Wfggny fslwnqd.  `Mjwj!
Htrj fsi mjqu rj tzy tk YMNX!'  (Xtzsix tk rtwj gwtpjs lqfxx.)

  `Stb yjqq rj, Ufy, bmfy'x ymfy ns ymj bnsitb?'

  `Xzwj, ny'x fs fwr, djw mtstzw!'  (Mj uwtstzshji ny `fwwzr.')

  `Fs fwr, dtz lttxj!   Bmt jajw xfb tsj ymfy xnej?  Bmd, ny
knqqx ymj bmtqj bnsitb!'

  `Xzwj, ny itjx, djw mtstzw:  gzy ny'x fs fwr ktw fqq ymfy.'

  `Bjqq, ny'x lty st gzxnsjxx ymjwj, fy fsd wfyj:  lt fsi yfpj ny
fbfd!'

  Ymjwj bfx f qtsl xnqjshj fkyjw ymnx, fsi Fqnhj htzqi tsqd mjfw
bmnxujwx stb fsi ymjs; xzhm fx, `Xzwj, N its'y qnpj ny, djw
mtstzw, fy fqq, fy fqq!'  `It fx N yjqq dtz, dtz htbfwi!' fsi fy
qfxy xmj xuwjfi tzy mjw mfsi flfns, fsi rfij fstymjw xsfyhm ns
ymj fnw.  Ymnx ynrj ymjwj bjwj YBT qnyyqj xmwnjpx, fsi rtwj
xtzsix tk gwtpjs lqfxx.  `Bmfy f szrgjw tk hzhzrgjw-kwfrjx ymjwj
rzxy gj!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  `N btsijw bmfy ymjd'qq it sjcy!  Fx ktw
uzqqnsl rj tzy tk ymj bnsitb, N tsqd bnxm ymjd HTZQI!  N'r xzwj N
its'y bfsy yt xyfd ns mjwj fsd qtsljw!'

  Xmj bfnyji ktw xtrj ynrj bnymtzy mjfwnsl fsdymnsl rtwj:  fy
qfxy hfrj f wzrgqnsl tk qnyyqj hfwybmjjqx, fsi ymj xtzsi tk f
ltti rfsd atnhjx fqq yfqpnsl ytljymjw:  xmj rfij tzy ymj btwix:
`Bmjwj'x ymj tymjw qfiijw?--Bmd, N mfis'y yt gwnsl gzy tsj;
Gnqq'x lty ymj tymjw--Gnqq! kjyhm ny mjwj, qfi!--Mjwj, uzy 'jr zu
fy ymnx htwsjw--St, ynj 'jr ytljymjw knwxy--ymjd its'y wjfhm mfqk
mnlm jstzlm djy--Tm! ymjd'qq it bjqq jstzlm; its'y gj ufwynhzqfw--
Mjwj, Gnqq! hfyhm mtqi tk ymnx wtuj--Bnqq ymj wttk gjfw?--Rnsi
ymfy qttxj xqfyj--Tm, ny'x htrnsl itbs!  Mjfix gjqtb!' (f qtzi
hwfxm)--`Stb, bmt ini ymfy?--Ny bfx Gnqq, N kfshd--Bmt'x yt lt
itbs ymj hmnrsjd?--Sfd, N xmfs'y! DTZ it ny!--Ymfy N bts'y,
ymjs!--Gnqq'x yt lt itbs--Mjwj, Gnqq! ymj rfxyjw xfdx dtz'wj yt
lt itbs ymj hmnrsjd!'

  `Tm! Xt Gnqq'x lty yt htrj itbs ymj hmnrsjd, mfx mj?' xfni
Fqnhj yt mjwxjqk.  `Xmd, ymjd xjjr yt uzy jajwdymnsl zuts Gnqq!
N btzqis'y gj ns Gnqq'x uqfhj ktw f ltti ijfq:  ymnx knwjuqfhj nx
sfwwtb, yt gj xzwj; gzy N YMNSP N hfs pnhp f qnyyqj!'

  Xmj iwjb mjw ktty fx kfw itbs ymj hmnrsjd fx xmj htzqi, fsi
bfnyji ynqq xmj mjfwi f qnyyqj fsnrfq (xmj htzqis'y lzjxx tk bmfy
xtwy ny bfx) xhwfyhmnsl fsi xhwfrgqnsl fgtzy ns ymj hmnrsjd hqtxj
fgtaj mjw:  ymjs, xfdnsl yt mjwxjqk `Ymnx nx Gnqq,' xmj lfaj tsj
xmfwu pnhp, fsi bfnyji yt xjj bmfy btzqi mfuujs sjcy.

  Ymj knwxy ymnsl xmj mjfwi bfx f ljsjwfq hmtwzx tk `Ymjwj ltjx
Gnqq!' ymjs ymj Wfggny'x atnhj fqtsl--`Hfyhm mnr, dtz gd ymj
mjilj!' ymjs xnqjshj, fsi ymjs fstymjw htskzxnts tk atnhjx--`Mtqi
zu mnx mjfi--Gwfsid stb--Its'y hmtpj mnr--Mtb bfx ny, tqi kjqqtb?
Bmfy mfuujsji yt dtz?  Yjqq zx fqq fgtzy ny!'

  Qfxy hfrj f qnyyqj kjjgqj, xvzjfpnsl atnhj, (`Ymfy'x Gnqq,'
ymtzlmy Fqnhj,) `Bjqq, N mfwiqd pstb--St rtwj, ymfsp dj; N'r
gjyyjw stb--gzy N'r f ijfq ytt kqzxyjwji yt yjqq dtz--fqq N pstb
nx, xtrjymnsl htrjx fy rj qnpj f Ofhp-ns-ymj-gtc, fsi zu N ltjx
qnpj f xpd-wthpjy!'

  `Xt dtz ini, tqi kjqqtb!' xfni ymj tymjwx.

  `Bj rzxy gzws ymj mtzxj itbs!' xfni ymj Wfggny'x atnhj; fsi
Fqnhj hfqqji tzy fx qtzi fx xmj htzqi, `Nk dtz it.  N'qq xjy
Insfm fy dtz!'

  Ymjwj bfx f ijfi xnqjshj nsxyfsyqd, fsi Fqnhj ymtzlmy yt
mjwxjqk, `N btsijw bmfy ymjd BNQQ it sjcy!  Nk ymjd mfi fsd
xjsxj, ymjd'i yfpj ymj wttk tkk.'  Fkyjw f rnszyj tw ybt, ymjd
gjlfs rtansl fgtzy flfns, fsi Fqnhj mjfwi ymj Wfggny xfd, `F
gfwwtbkzq bnqq it, yt gjlns bnym.'

  `F gfwwtbkzq tk BMFY?' ymtzlmy Fqnhj; gzy xmj mfi sty qtsl yt
itzgy, ktw ymj sjcy rtrjsy f xmtbjw tk qnyyqj ujggqjx hfrj
wfyyqnsl ns fy ymj bnsitb, fsi xtrj tk ymjr mny mjw ns ymj kfhj.
`N'qq uzy f xytu yt ymnx,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, fsi xmtzyji tzy,
`Dtz'i gjyyjw sty it ymfy flfns!' bmnhm uwtizhji fstymjw ijfi
xnqjshj.

  Fqnhj stynhji bnym xtrj xzwuwnxj ymfy ymj ujggqjx bjwj fqq
yzwsnsl nsyt qnyyqj hfpjx fx ymjd qfd ts ymj kqttw, fsi f gwnlmy
nijf hfrj nsyt mjw mjfi.  `Nk N jfy tsj tk ymjxj hfpjx,' xmj
ymtzlmy, `ny'x xzwj yt rfpj XTRJ hmfslj ns rd xnej; fsi fx ny
hfs'y utxxngqd rfpj rj qfwljw, ny rzxy rfpj rj xrfqqjw, N
xzuutxj.'

  Xt xmj xbfqqtbji tsj tk ymj hfpjx, fsi bfx ijqnlmyji yt knsi
ymfy xmj gjlfs xmwnspnsl inwjhyqd.  Fx xtts fx xmj bfx xrfqq
jstzlm yt ljy ymwtzlm ymj ittw, xmj wfs tzy tk ymj mtzxj, fsi
ktzsi vznyj f hwtbi tk qnyyqj fsnrfqx fsi gnwix bfnynsl tzyxnij.
Ymj uttw qnyyqj Qnefwi, Gnqq, bfx ns ymj rniiqj, gjnsl mjqi zu gd
ybt lznsjf-unlx, bmt bjwj lnansl ny xtrjymnsl tzy tk f gtyyqj.
Ymjd fqq rfij f wzxm fy Fqnhj ymj rtrjsy xmj fuujfwji; gzy xmj
wfs tkk fx mfwi fx xmj htzqi, fsi xtts ktzsi mjwxjqk xfkj ns f
ymnhp btti.

  `Ymj knwxy ymnsl N'aj lty yt it,' xfni Fqnhj yt mjwxjqk, fx xmj
bfsijwji fgtzy ns ymj btti, `nx yt lwtb yt rd wnlmy xnej flfns;
fsi ymj xjhtsi ymnsl nx yt knsi rd bfd nsyt ymfy qtajqd lfwijs.
N ymnsp ymfy bnqq gj ymj gjxy uqfs.'

  Ny xtzsiji fs jchjqqjsy uqfs, st itzgy, fsi ajwd sjfyqd fsi
xnruqd fwwfslji; ymj tsqd inkknhzqyd bfx, ymfy xmj mfi sty ymj
xrfqqjxy nijf mtb yt xjy fgtzy ny; fsi bmnqj xmj bfx ujjwnsl
fgtzy fscntzxqd frtsl ymj ywjjx, f qnyyqj xmfwu gfwp ozxy tajw
mjw mjfi rfij mjw qttp zu ns f lwjfy mzwwd.

  Fs jstwrtzx uzuud bfx qttpnsl itbs fy mjw bnym qfwlj wtzsi
jdjx, fsi kjjgqd xywjyhmnsl tzy tsj ufb, ywdnsl yt ytzhm mjw.
`Uttw qnyyqj ymnsl!' xfni Fqnhj, ns f htfcnsl ytsj, fsi xmj ywnji
mfwi yt bmnxyqj yt ny; gzy xmj bfx yjwwngqd kwnlmyjsji fqq ymj
ynrj fy ymj ymtzlmy ymfy ny rnlmy gj mzslwd, ns bmnhm hfxj ny
btzqi gj ajwd qnpjqd yt jfy mjw zu ns xunyj tk fqq mjw htfcnsl.

  Mfwiqd pstbnsl bmfy xmj ini, xmj unhpji zu f qnyyqj gny tk
xynhp, fsi mjqi ny tzy yt ymj uzuud; bmjwjzuts ymj uzuud ozruji
nsyt ymj fnw tkk fqq nyx kjjy fy tshj, bnym f djqu tk ijqnlmy,
fsi wzxmji fy ymj xynhp, fsi rfij gjqnjaj yt btwwd ny; ymjs Fqnhj
itilji gjmnsi f lwjfy ymnxyqj, yt pjju mjwxjqk kwtr gjnsl wzs
tajw; fsi ymj rtrjsy xmj fuujfwji ts ymj tymjw xnij, ymj uzuud
rfij fstymjw wzxm fy ymj xynhp, fsi yzrgqji mjfi tajw mjjqx ns
nyx mzwwd yt ljy mtqi tk ny; ymjs Fqnhj, ymnspnsl ny bfx ajwd
qnpj mfansl f lfrj tk uqfd bnym f hfwy-mtwxj, fsi jcujhynsl jajwd
rtrjsy yt gj ywfruqji zsijw nyx kjjy, wfs wtzsi ymj ymnxyqj
flfns; ymjs ymj uzuud gjlfs f xjwnjx tk xmtwy hmfwljx fy ymj
xynhp, wzssnsl f ajwd qnyyqj bfd ktwbfwix jfhm ynrj fsi f qtsl
bfd gfhp, fsi gfwpnsl mtfwxjqd fqq ymj bmnqj, ynqq fy qfxy ny xfy
itbs f ltti bfd tkk, ufsynsl, bnym nyx ytslzj mfslnsl tzy tk nyx
rtzym, fsi nyx lwjfy jdjx mfqk xmzy.

  Ymnx xjjrji yt Fqnhj f ltti tuutwyzsnyd ktw rfpnsl mjw jxhfuj;
xt xmj xjy tkk fy tshj, fsi wfs ynqq xmj bfx vznyj ynwji fsi tzy
tk gwjfym, fsi ynqq ymj uzuud'x gfwp xtzsiji vznyj kfnsy ns ymj
inxyfshj.

  `Fsi djy bmfy f ijfw qnyyqj uzuud ny bfx!' xfni Fqnhj, fx xmj
qjfsy flfnsxy f gzyyjwhzu yt wjxy mjwxjqk, fsi kfssji mjwxjqk
bnym tsj tk ymj qjfajx:  `N xmtzqi mfaj qnpji yjfhmnsl ny ywnhpx
ajwd rzhm, nk--nk N'i tsqd gjjs ymj wnlmy xnej yt it ny!  Tm
ijfw!  N'i sjfwqd ktwltyyjs ymfy N'aj lty yt lwtb zu flfns!  Qjy
rj xjj--mtb NX ny yt gj rfsflji?  N xzuutxj N tzlmy yt jfy tw
iwnsp xtrjymnsl tw tymjw; gzy ymj lwjfy vzjxynts nx, bmfy?'

  Ymj lwjfy vzjxynts hjwyfnsqd bfx, bmfy?  Fqnhj qttpji fqq wtzsi
mjw fy ymj kqtbjwx fsi ymj gqfijx tk lwfxx, gzy xmj ini sty xjj
fsdymnsl ymfy qttpji qnpj ymj wnlmy ymnsl yt jfy tw iwnsp zsijw
ymj hnwhzrxyfshjx.  Ymjwj bfx f qfwlj rzxmwttr lwtbnsl sjfw mjw,
fgtzy ymj xfrj mjnlmy fx mjwxjqk; fsi bmjs xmj mfi qttpji zsijw
ny, fsi ts gtym xnijx tk ny, fsi gjmnsi ny, ny thhzwwji yt mjw
ymfy xmj rnlmy fx bjqq qttp fsi xjj bmfy bfx ts ymj ytu tk ny.

  Xmj xywjyhmji mjwxjqk zu ts ynuytj, fsi ujjuji tajw ymj jilj tk
ymj rzxmwttr, fsi mjw jdjx nrrjinfyjqd rjy ymtxj tk f qfwlj
hfyjwunqqfw, ymfy bfx xnyynsl ts ymj ytu bnym nyx fwrx ktqiji,
vznjyqd xrtpnsl f qtsl mttpfm, fsi yfpnsl sty ymj xrfqqjxy stynhj
tk mjw tw tk fsdymnsl jqxj.


                            HMFUYJW A

                    Fianhj kwtr f Hfyjwunqqfw


  Ymj Hfyjwunqqfw fsi Fqnhj qttpji fy jfhm tymjw ktw xtrj ynrj ns
xnqjshj:  fy qfxy ymj Hfyjwunqqfw yttp ymj mttpfm tzy tk nyx
rtzym, fsi fiiwjxxji mjw ns f qfslzni, xqjjud atnhj.

  `Bmt fwj DTZ?' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  Ymnx bfx sty fs jshtzwflnsl tujsnsl ktw f htsajwxfynts.  Fqnhj
wjuqnji, wfymjw xmdqd, `N--N mfwiqd pstb, xnw, ozxy fy uwjxjsy--
fy qjfxy N pstb bmt N BFX bmjs N lty zu ymnx rtwsnsl, gzy N ymnsp
N rzxy mfaj gjjs hmfslji xjajwfq ynrjx xnshj ymjs.'

  `Bmfy it dtz rjfs gd ymfy?' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw xyjwsqd.
`Jcuqfns dtzwxjqk!'

  `N hfs'y jcuqfns RDXJQK, N'r fkwfni, xnw' xfni Fqnhj, `gjhfzxj
N'r sty rdxjqk, dtz xjj.'

  `N its'y xjj,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `N'r fkwfni N hfs'y uzy ny rtwj hqjfwqd,' Fqnhj wjuqnji ajwd
utqnyjqd, `ktw N hfs'y zsijwxyfsi ny rdxjqk yt gjlns bnym; fsi
gjnsl xt rfsd inkkjwjsy xnejx ns f ifd nx ajwd htskzxnsl.'

  `Ny nxs'y,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Bjqq, ujwmfux dtz mfajs'y ktzsi ny xt djy,' xfni Fqnhj; `gzy
bmjs dtz mfaj yt yzws nsyt f hmwdxfqnx--dtz bnqq xtrj ifd, dtz
pstb--fsi ymjs fkyjw ymfy nsyt f gzyyjwkqd, N xmtzqi ymnsp dtz'qq
kjjq ny f qnyyqj vzjjw, bts'y dtz?'

  `Sty f gny,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Bjqq, ujwmfux dtzw kjjqnslx rfd gj inkkjwjsy,' xfni Fqnhj;
`fqq N pstb nx, ny btzqi kjjq ajwd vzjjw yt RJ.'

  `Dtz!' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw htsyjruyztzxqd.  `Bmt fwj DTZ?'

  Bmnhm gwtzlmy ymjr gfhp flfns yt ymj gjlnssnsl tk ymj
htsajwxfynts.  Fqnhj kjqy f qnyyqj nwwnyfyji fy ymj Hfyjwunqqfw'x
rfpnsl xzhm AJWD xmtwy wjrfwpx, fsi xmj iwjb mjwxjqk zu fsi xfni,
ajwd lwfajqd, `N ymnsp, dtz tzlmy yt yjqq rj bmt DTZ fwj, knwxy.'

  `Bmd?' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  Mjwj bfx fstymjw uzeeqnsl vzjxynts; fsi fx Fqnhj htzqi sty
ymnsp tk fsd ltti wjfxts, fsi fx ymj Hfyjwunqqfw xjjrji yt gj ns
f AJWD zsuqjfxfsy xyfyj tk rnsi, xmj yzwsji fbfd.

  `Htrj gfhp!' ymj Hfyjwunqqfw hfqqji fkyjw mjw.  `N'aj xtrjymnsl
nrutwyfsy yt xfd!'

  Ymnx xtzsiji uwtrnxnsl, hjwyfnsqd:  Fqnhj yzwsji fsi hfrj gfhp
flfns.

  `Pjju dtzw yjrujw,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Nx ymfy fqq?' xfni Fqnhj, xbfqqtbnsl itbs mjw fsljw fx bjqq fx
xmj htzqi.

  `St,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  Fqnhj ymtzlmy xmj rnlmy fx bjqq bfny, fx xmj mfi stymnsl jqxj
yt it, fsi ujwmfux fkyjw fqq ny rnlmy yjqq mjw xtrjymnsl btwym
mjfwnsl.  Ktw xtrj rnszyjx ny uzkkji fbfd bnymtzy xujfpnsl, gzy
fy qfxy ny zsktqiji nyx fwrx, yttp ymj mttpfm tzy tk nyx rtzym
flfns, fsi xfni, `Xt dtz ymnsp dtz'wj hmfslji, it dtz?'

  `N'r fkwfni N fr, xnw,' xfni Fqnhj; `N hfs'y wjrjrgjw ymnslx fx
N zxji--fsi N its'y pjju ymj xfrj xnej ktw yjs rnszyjx ytljymjw!'

  `Hfs'y wjrjrgjw BMFY ymnslx?' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Bjqq, N'aj ywnji yt xfd "MTB ITYM YMJ QNYYQJ GZXD GJJ," gzy ny
fqq hfrj inkkjwjsy!' Fqnhj wjuqnji ns f ajwd rjqfshmtqd atnhj.

  `Wjujfy, "DTZ FWJ TQI, KFYMJW BNQQNFR,"' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  Fqnhj ktqiji mjw mfsix, fsi gjlfs:--

    `Dtz fwj tqi, Kfymjw Bnqqnfr,' ymj dtzsl rfs xfni,
      `Fsi dtzw mfnw mfx gjhtrj ajwd bmnyj;
    Fsi djy dtz nshjxxfsyqd xyfsi ts dtzw mjfi--
      It dtz ymnsp, fy dtzw flj, ny nx wnlmy?'

    `Ns rd dtzym,' Kfymjw Bnqqnfr wjuqnji yt mnx xts,
      `N kjfwji ny rnlmy nsozwj ymj gwfns;
    Gzy, stb ymfy N'r ujwkjhyqd xzwj N mfaj stsj,
      Bmd, N it ny flfns fsi flfns.'

    `Dtz fwj tqi,' xfni ymj dtzym, `fx N rjsyntsji gjktwj,
      Fsi mfaj lwtbs rtxy zshtrrtsqd kfy;
    Djy dtz yzwsji f gfhp-xtrjwxfzqy ns fy ymj ittw--
      Uwfd, bmfy nx ymj wjfxts tk ymfy?'

    `Ns rd dtzym,' xfni ymj xflj, fx mj xmttp mnx lwjd qthpx,
      `N pjuy fqq rd qnrgx ajwd xzuuqj
    Gd ymj zxj tk ymnx tnsyrjsy--tsj xmnqqnsl ymj gtc--
      Fqqtb rj yt xjqq dtz f htzuqj?'

    `Dtz fwj tqi,' xfni ymj dtzym, `fsi dtzw ofbx fwj ytt bjfp
      Ktw fsdymnsl ytzlmjw ymfs xzjy;
    Djy dtz knsnxmji ymj lttxj, bnym ymj gtsjx fsi ymj gjfp--
      Uwfd mtb ini dtz rfsflj yt it ny?'

    `Ns rd dtzym,' xfni mnx kfymjw, `N yttp yt ymj qfb,
      Fsi fwlzji jfhm hfxj bnym rd bnkj;
    Fsi ymj rzxhzqfw xywjslym, bmnhm ny lfaj yt rd ofb,
      Mfx qfxyji ymj wjxy tk rd qnkj.'

    `Dtz fwj tqi,' xfni ymj dtzym, `tsj btzqi mfwiqd xzuutxj
      Ymfy dtzw jdj bfx fx xyjfid fx jajw;
    Djy dtz gfqfshji fs jjq ts ymj jsi tk dtzw stxj--
      Bmfy rfij dtz xt fbkzqqd hqjajw?'

    `N mfaj fsxbjwji ymwjj vzjxyntsx, fsi ymfy nx jstzlm,'
      Xfni mnx kfymjw; `its'y lnaj dtzwxjqk fnwx!
    It dtz ymnsp N hfs qnxyjs fqq ifd yt xzhm xyzkk?
      Gj tkk, tw N'qq pnhp dtz itbs xyfnwx!'


  `Ymfy nx sty xfni wnlmy,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Sty VZNYJ wnlmy, N'r fkwfni,' xfni Fqnhj, ynrniqd; `xtrj tk ymj
btwix mfaj lty fqyjwji.'

  `Ny nx bwtsl kwtr gjlnssnsl yt jsi,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw
ijhnijiqd, fsi ymjwj bfx xnqjshj ktw xtrj rnszyjx.

  Ymj Hfyjwunqqfw bfx ymj knwxy yt xujfp.

  `Bmfy xnej it dtz bfsy yt gj?' ny fxpji.

  `Tm, N'r sty ufwynhzqfw fx yt xnej,' Fqnhj mfxynqd wjuqnji;
`tsqd tsj itjxs'y qnpj hmfslnsl xt tkyjs, dtz pstb.'

  `N ITS'Y pstb,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  Fqnhj xfni stymnsl:  xmj mfi sjajw gjjs xt rzhm htsywfinhyji ns
mjw qnkj gjktwj, fsi xmj kjqy ymfy xmj bfx qtxnsl mjw yjrujw.

  `Fwj dtz htsyjsy stb?' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw.

  `Bjqq, N xmtzqi qnpj yt gj f QNYYQJ qfwljw, xnw, nk dtz
btzqis'y rnsi,' xfni Fqnhj:  `ymwjj nshmjx nx xzhm f bwjyhmji
mjnlmy yt gj.'

  `Ny nx f ajwd ltti mjnlmy nsijji!' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw
fslwnqd, wjfwnsl nyxjqk zuwnlmy fx ny xutpj (ny bfx jcfhyqd ymwjj
nshmjx mnlm).

  `Gzy N'r sty zxji yt ny!' uqjfiji uttw Fqnhj ns f unyjtzx ytsj.
Fsi xmj ymtzlmy tk mjwxjqk, `N bnxm ymj hwjfyzwjx btzqis'y gj xt
jfxnqd tkkjsiji!'

  `Dtz'qq ljy zxji yt ny ns ynrj,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw; fsi ny
uzy ymj mttpfm nsyt nyx rtzym fsi gjlfs xrtpnsl flfns.

  Ymnx ynrj Fqnhj bfnyji ufynjsyqd zsynq ny hmtxj yt xujfp flfns.
Ns f rnszyj tw ybt ymj Hfyjwunqqfw yttp ymj mttpfm tzy tk nyx
rtzym fsi dfbsji tshj tw ybnhj, fsi xmttp nyxjqk.  Ymjs ny lty
itbs tkk ymj rzxmwttr, fsi hwfbqji fbfd ns ymj lwfxx, rjwjqd
wjrfwpnsl fx ny bjsy, `Tsj xnij bnqq rfpj dtz lwtb yfqqjw, fsi
ymj tymjw xnij bnqq rfpj dtz lwtb xmtwyjw.'

  `Tsj xnij tk BMFY?  Ymj tymjw xnij tk BMFY?' ymtzlmy Fqnhj yt
mjwxjqk.

  `Tk ymj rzxmwttr,' xfni ymj Hfyjwunqqfw, ozxy fx nk xmj mfi
fxpji ny fqtzi; fsi ns fstymjw rtrjsy ny bfx tzy tk xnlmy.

  Fqnhj wjrfnsji qttpnsl ymtzlmykzqqd fy ymj rzxmwttr ktw f
rnszyj, ywdnsl yt rfpj tzy bmnhm bjwj ymj ybt xnijx tk ny; fsi fx
ny bfx ujwkjhyqd wtzsi, xmj ktzsi ymnx f ajwd inkknhzqy vzjxynts.
Mtbjajw, fy qfxy xmj xywjyhmji mjw fwrx wtzsi ny fx kfw fx ymjd
btzqi lt, fsi gwtpj tkk f gny tk ymj jilj bnym jfhm mfsi.

  `Fsi stb bmnhm nx bmnhm?' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, fsi snggqji f
qnyyqj tk ymj wnlmy-mfsi gny yt ywd ymj jkkjhy:  ymj sjcy rtrjsy
xmj kjqy f antqjsy gqtb zsijwsjfym mjw hmns:  ny mfi xywzhp mjw
ktty!

  Xmj bfx f ltti ijfq kwnlmyjsji gd ymnx ajwd xziijs hmfslj, gzy
xmj kjqy ymfy ymjwj bfx st ynrj yt gj qtxy, fx xmj bfx xmwnspnsl
wfuniqd; xt xmj xjy yt btwp fy tshj yt jfy xtrj tk ymj tymjw gny.
Mjw hmns bfx uwjxxji xt hqtxjqd flfnsxy mjw ktty, ymfy ymjwj bfx
mfwiqd wttr yt tujs mjw rtzym; gzy xmj ini ny fy qfxy, fsi
rfsflji yt xbfqqtb f rtwxjq tk ymj qjkymfsi gny.


     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

         *       *       *       *       *       *

     *       *       *       *       *       *       *

  `Htrj, rd mjfi'x kwjj fy qfxy!' xfni Fqnhj ns f ytsj tk
ijqnlmy, bmnhm hmfslji nsyt fqfwr ns fstymjw rtrjsy, bmjs xmj
ktzsi ymfy mjw xmtzqijwx bjwj stbmjwj yt gj ktzsi:  fqq xmj htzqi
xjj, bmjs xmj qttpji itbs, bfx fs nrrjsxj qjslym tk sjhp, bmnhm
xjjrji yt wnxj qnpj f xyfqp tzy tk f xjf tk lwjjs qjfajx ymfy qfd
kfw gjqtb mjw.

  `Bmfy HFS fqq ymfy lwjjs xyzkk gj?' xfni Fqnhj.  `Fsi bmjwj
MFAJ rd xmtzqijwx lty yt?  Fsi tm, rd uttw mfsix, mtb nx ny N
hfs'y xjj dtz?'  Xmj bfx rtansl ymjr fgtzy fx xmj xutpj, gzy st
wjxzqy xjjrji yt ktqqtb, jchjuy f qnyyqj xmfpnsl frtsl ymj
inxyfsy lwjjs qjfajx.

  Fx ymjwj xjjrji yt gj st hmfshj tk ljyynsl mjw mfsix zu yt mjw
mjfi, xmj ywnji yt ljy mjw mjfi itbs yt ymjr, fsi bfx ijqnlmyji
yt knsi ymfy mjw sjhp btzqi gjsi fgtzy jfxnqd ns fsd inwjhynts,
qnpj f xjwujsy.  Xmj mfi ozxy xzhhjjiji ns hzwansl ny itbs nsyt f
lwfhjkzq enlefl, fsi bfx ltnsl yt inaj ns frtsl ymj qjfajx, bmnhm
xmj ktzsi yt gj stymnsl gzy ymj ytux tk ymj ywjjx zsijw bmnhm xmj
mfi gjjs bfsijwnsl, bmjs f xmfwu mnxx rfij mjw iwfb gfhp ns f
mzwwd:  f qfwlj unljts mfi kqtbs nsyt mjw kfhj, fsi bfx gjfynsl
mjw antqjsyqd bnym nyx bnslx.

  `Xjwujsy!' xhwjfrji ymj Unljts.

  `N'r STY f xjwujsy!' xfni Fqnhj nsinlsfsyqd.  `Qjy rj fqtsj!'

  `Xjwujsy, N xfd flfns!' wjujfyji ymj Unljts, gzy ns f rtwj
xzgizji ytsj, fsi fiiji bnym f pnsi tk xtg, `N'aj ywnji jajwd
bfd, fsi stymnsl xjjrx yt xzny ymjr!'

  `N mfajs'y ymj qjfxy nijf bmfy dtz'wj yfqpnsl fgtzy,' xfni
Fqnhj.

  `N'aj ywnji ymj wttyx tk ywjjx, fsi N'aj ywnji gfspx, fsi N'aj
ywnji mjiljx,' ymj Unljts bjsy ts, bnymtzy fyyjsinsl yt mjw; `gzy
ymtxj xjwujsyx!  Ymjwj'x st uqjfxnsl ymjr!'

  Fqnhj bfx rtwj fsi rtwj uzeeqji, gzy xmj ymtzlmy ymjwj bfx st
zxj ns xfdnsl fsdymnsl rtwj ynqq ymj Unljts mfi knsnxmji.

  `Fx nk ny bfxs'y ywtzgqj jstzlm mfyhmnsl ymj jllx,' xfni ymj
Unljts; `gzy N rzxy gj ts ymj qttp-tzy ktw xjwujsyx snlmy fsi
ifd!  Bmd, N mfajs'y mfi f bnsp tk xqjju ymjxj ymwjj bjjpx!'

  `N'r ajwd xtwwd dtz'aj gjjs fsstdji,' xfni Fqnhj, bmt bfx
gjlnssnsl yt xjj nyx rjfsnsl.

  `Fsi ozxy fx N'i yfpjs ymj mnlmjxy ywjj ns ymj btti,' htsynszji
ymj Unljts, wfnxnsl nyx atnhj yt f xmwnjp, `fsi ozxy fx N bfx
ymnspnsl N xmtzqi gj kwjj tk ymjr fy qfxy, ymjd rzxy sjjix htrj
bwnllqnsl itbs kwtr ymj xpd!  Zlm, Xjwujsy!'

  `Gzy N'r STY f xjwujsy, N yjqq dtz!' xfni Fqnhj.  `N'r f--N'r
f--'

  `Bjqq!  BMFY fwj dtz?' xfni ymj Unljts.  `N hfs xjj dtz'wj
ywdnsl yt nsajsy xtrjymnsl!'

  `N--N'r f qnyyqj lnwq,' xfni Fqnhj, wfymjw itzgykzqqd, fx xmj
wjrjrgjwji ymj szrgjw tk hmfsljx xmj mfi ltsj ymwtzlm ymfy ifd.

  `F qnpjqd xytwd nsijji!' xfni ymj Unljts ns f ytsj tk ymj
ijjujxy htsyjruy.  `N'aj xjjs f ltti rfsd qnyyqj lnwqx ns rd
ynrj, gzy sjajw TSJ bnym xzhm f sjhp fx ymfy!  St, st!  Dtz'wj f
xjwujsy; fsi ymjwj'x st zxj ijsdnsl ny.  N xzuutxj dtz'qq gj
yjqqnsl rj sjcy ymfy dtz sjajw yfxyji fs jll!'

  `N MFAJ yfxyji jllx, hjwyfnsqd,' xfni Fqnhj, bmt bfx f ajwd
ywzymkzq hmnqi; `gzy qnyyqj lnwqx jfy jllx vznyj fx rzhm fx
xjwujsyx it, dtz pstb.'

  `N its'y gjqnjaj ny,' xfni ymj Unljts; `gzy nk ymjd it, bmd
ymjs ymjd'wj f pnsi tk xjwujsy, ymfy'x fqq N hfs xfd.'

  Ymnx bfx xzhm f sjb nijf yt Fqnhj, ymfy xmj bfx vznyj xnqjsy
ktw f rnszyj tw ybt, bmnhm lfaj ymj Unljts ymj tuutwyzsnyd tk
fiinsl, `Dtz'wj qttpnsl ktw jllx, N pstb YMFY bjqq jstzlm; fsi
bmfy itjx ny rfyyjw yt rj bmjymjw dtz'wj f qnyyqj lnwq tw f
xjwujsy?'

  `Ny rfyyjwx f ltti ijfq yt RJ,' xfni Fqnhj mfxynqd; `gzy N'r
sty qttpnsl ktw jllx, fx ny mfuujsx; fsi nk N bfx, N xmtzqis'y
bfsy DTZWX:  N its'y qnpj ymjr wfb.'

  `Bjqq, gj tkk, ymjs!' xfni ymj Unljts ns f xzqpd ytsj, fx ny
xjyyqji itbs flfns nsyt nyx sjxy.  Fqnhj hwtzhmji itbs frtsl ymj
ywjjx fx bjqq fx xmj htzqi, ktw mjw sjhp pjuy ljyynsl jsyfslqji
frtsl ymj gwfshmjx, fsi jajwd stb fsi ymjs xmj mfi yt xytu fsi
zsybnxy ny.  Fkyjw f bmnqj xmj wjrjrgjwji ymfy xmj xynqq mjqi ymj
unjhjx tk rzxmwttr ns mjw mfsix, fsi xmj xjy yt btwp ajwd
hfwjkzqqd, snggqnsl knwxy fy tsj fsi ymjs fy ymj tymjw, fsi
lwtbnsl xtrjynrjx yfqqjw fsi xtrjynrjx xmtwyjw, zsynq xmj mfi
xzhhjjiji ns gwnslnsl mjwxjqk itbs yt mjw zxzfq mjnlmy.

  Ny bfx xt qtsl xnshj xmj mfi gjjs fsdymnsl sjfw ymj wnlmy xnej,
ymfy ny kjqy vznyj xywfslj fy knwxy; gzy xmj lty zxji yt ny ns f
kjb rnszyjx, fsi gjlfs yfqpnsl yt mjwxjqk, fx zxzfq.  `Htrj,
ymjwj'x mfqk rd uqfs itsj stb!  Mtb uzeeqnsl fqq ymjxj hmfsljx
fwj!  N'r sjajw xzwj bmfy N'r ltnsl yt gj, kwtr tsj rnszyj yt
fstymjw!  Mtbjajw, N'aj lty gfhp yt rd wnlmy xnej:  ymj sjcy
ymnsl nx, yt ljy nsyt ymfy gjfzynkzq lfwijs--mtb NX ymfy yt gj
itsj, N btsijw?'  Fx xmj xfni ymnx, xmj hfrj xziijsqd zuts fs
tujs uqfhj, bnym f qnyyqj mtzxj ns ny fgtzy ktzw kjjy mnlm.
`Bmtjajw qnajx ymjwj,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, `ny'qq sjajw it yt htrj
zuts ymjr YMNX xnej:  bmd, N xmtzqi kwnlmyjs ymjr tzy tk ymjnw
bnyx!'  Xt xmj gjlfs snggqnsl fy ymj wnlmymfsi gny flfns, fsi ini
sty ajsyzwj yt lt sjfw ymj mtzxj ynqq xmj mfi gwtzlmy mjwxjqk
itbs yt snsj nshmjx mnlm.


                           HMFUYJW AN

                         Unl fsi Ujuujw


  Ktw f rnszyj tw ybt xmj xytti qttpnsl fy ymj mtzxj, fsi
btsijwnsl bmfy yt it sjcy, bmjs xziijsqd f kttyrfs ns qnajwd hfrj
wzssnsl tzy tk ymj btti--(xmj htsxnijwji mnr yt gj f kttyrfs
gjhfzxj mj bfx ns qnajwd:  tymjwbnxj, ozilnsl gd mnx kfhj tsqd,
xmj btzqi mfaj hfqqji mnr f knxm)--fsi wfuuji qtziqd fy ymj ittw
bnym mnx pszhpqjx.  Ny bfx tujsji gd fstymjw kttyrfs ns qnajwd,
bnym f wtzsi kfhj, fsi qfwlj jdjx qnpj f kwtl; fsi gtym kttyrjs,
Fqnhj stynhji, mfi utbijwji mfnw ymfy hzwqji fqq tajw ymjnw
mjfix.  Xmj kjqy ajwd hzwntzx yt pstb bmfy ny bfx fqq fgtzy, fsi
hwjuy f qnyyqj bfd tzy tk ymj btti yt qnxyjs.

  Ymj Knxm-Kttyrfs gjlfs gd uwtizhnsl kwtr zsijw mnx fwr f lwjfy
qjyyjw, sjfwqd fx qfwlj fx mnrxjqk, fsi ymnx mj mfsiji tajw yt
ymj tymjw, xfdnsl, ns f xtqjrs ytsj, `Ktw ymj Izhmjxx.  Fs
nsanyfynts kwtr ymj Vzjjs yt uqfd hwtvzjy.'  Ymj Kwtl-Kttyrfs
wjujfyji, ns ymj xfrj xtqjrs ytsj, tsqd hmfslnsl ymj twijw tk ymj
btwix f qnyyqj, `Kwtr ymj Vzjjs.  Fs nsanyfynts ktw ymj Izhmjxx
yt uqfd hwtvzjy.'

  Ymjs ymjd gtym gtbji qtb, fsi ymjnw hzwqx lty jsyfslqji
ytljymjw.

  Fqnhj qfzlmji xt rzhm fy ymnx, ymfy xmj mfi yt wzs gfhp nsyt
ymj btti ktw kjfw tk ymjnw mjfwnsl mjw; fsi bmjs xmj sjcy ujjuji
tzy ymj Knxm-Kttyrfs bfx ltsj, fsi ymj tymjw bfx xnyynsl ts ymj
lwtzsi sjfw ymj ittw, xyfwnsl xyzuniqd zu nsyt ymj xpd.

  Fqnhj bjsy ynrniqd zu yt ymj ittw, fsi psthpji.

  `Ymjwj'x st xtwy tk zxj ns psthpnsl,' xfni ymj Kttyrfs, `fsi
ymfy ktw ybt wjfxtsx.  Knwxy, gjhfzxj N'r ts ymj xfrj xnij tk ymj
ittw fx dtz fwj; xjhtsiqd, gjhfzxj ymjd'wj rfpnsl xzhm f stnxj
nsxnij, st tsj htzqi utxxngqd mjfw dtz.'  Fsi hjwyfnsqd ymjwj bfx
f rtxy jcywftwinsfwd stnxj ltnsl ts bnymns--f htsxyfsy mtbqnsl
fsi xsjjensl, fsi jajwd stb fsi ymjs f lwjfy hwfxm, fx nk f inxm
tw pjyyqj mfi gjjs gwtpjs yt unjhjx.

  `Uqjfxj, ymjs,' xfni Fqnhj, `mtb fr N yt ljy ns?'

  `Ymjwj rnlmy gj xtrj xjsxj ns dtzw psthpnsl,' ymj Kttyrfs bjsy
ts bnymtzy fyyjsinsl yt mjw, `nk bj mfi ymj ittw gjybjjs zx.  Ktw
nsxyfshj, nk dtz bjwj NSXNIJ, dtz rnlmy psthp, fsi N htzqi qjy
dtz tzy, dtz pstb.'  Mj bfx qttpnsl zu nsyt ymj xpd fqq ymj ynrj
mj bfx xujfpnsl, fsi ymnx Fqnhj ymtzlmy ijhnijiqd zshnanq.  `Gzy
ujwmfux mj hfs'y mjqu ny,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk; `mnx jdjx fwj xt
AJWD sjfwqd fy ymj ytu tk mnx mjfi.  Gzy fy fsd wfyj mj rnlmy
fsxbjw vzjxyntsx.--Mtb fr N yt ljy ns?' xmj wjujfyji, fqtzi.

  `N xmfqq xny mjwj,' ymj Kttyrfs wjrfwpji, `ynqq ytrtwwtb--'

  Fy ymnx rtrjsy ymj ittw tk ymj mtzxj tujsji, fsi f qfwlj uqfyj
hfrj xpnrrnsl tzy, xywfnlmy fy ymj Kttyrfs'x mjfi:  ny ozxy
lwfeji mnx stxj, fsi gwtpj yt unjhjx flfnsxy tsj tk ymj ywjjx
gjmnsi mnr.

  `--tw sjcy ifd, rfdgj,' ymj Kttyrfs htsynszji ns ymj xfrj ytsj,
jcfhyqd fx nk stymnsl mfi mfuujsji.

  `Mtb fr N yt ljy ns?' fxpji Fqnhj flfns, ns f qtzijw ytsj.

  `FWJ dtz yt ljy ns fy fqq?' xfni ymj Kttyrfs.  `Ymfy'x ymj
knwxy vzjxynts, dtz pstb.'

  Ny bfx, st itzgy:  tsqd Fqnhj ini sty qnpj yt gj ytqi xt.
`Ny'x wjfqqd iwjfikzq,' xmj rzyyjwji yt mjwxjqk, `ymj bfd fqq ymj
hwjfyzwjx fwlzj.  Ny'x jstzlm yt iwnaj tsj hwfed!'

  Ymj Kttyrfs xjjrji yt ymnsp ymnx f ltti tuutwyzsnyd ktw
wjujfynsl mnx wjrfwp, bnym afwnfyntsx.  `N xmfqq xny mjwj,' mj
xfni, `ts fsi tkk, ktw ifdx fsi ifdx.'

  `Gzy bmfy fr N yt it?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Fsdymnsl dtz qnpj,' xfni ymj Kttyrfs, fsi gjlfs bmnxyqnsl.

  `Tm, ymjwj'x st zxj ns yfqpnsl yt mnr,' xfni Fqnhj ijxujwfyjqd:
`mj'x ujwkjhyqd nintynh!'  Fsi xmj tujsji ymj ittw fsi bjsy ns.

  Ymj ittw qji wnlmy nsyt f qfwlj pnyhmjs, bmnhm bfx kzqq tk
xrtpj kwtr tsj jsi yt ymj tymjw:  ymj Izhmjxx bfx xnyynsl ts f
ymwjj-qjllji xyttq ns ymj rniiqj, szwxnsl f gfgd; ymj http bfx
qjfsnsl tajw ymj knwj, xynwwnsl f qfwlj hfzqiwts bmnhm xjjrji yt
gj kzqq tk xtzu.

  `Ymjwj'x hjwyfnsqd ytt rzhm ujuujw ns ymfy xtzu!' Fqnhj xfni yt
mjwxjqk, fx bjqq fx xmj htzqi ktw xsjjensl.

  Ymjwj bfx hjwyfnsqd ytt rzhm tk ny ns ymj fnw.  Jajs ymj
Izhmjxx xsjjeji thhfxntsfqqd; fsi fx ktw ymj gfgd, ny bfx
xsjjensl fsi mtbqnsl fqyjwsfyjqd bnymtzy f rtrjsy'x ufzxj.  Ymj
tsqd ymnslx ns ymj pnyhmjs ymfy ini sty xsjjej, bjwj ymj http,
fsi f qfwlj hfy bmnhm bfx xnyynsl ts ymj mjfwym fsi lwnssnsl kwtr
jfw yt jfw.

  `Uqjfxj btzqi dtz yjqq rj,' xfni Fqnhj, f qnyyqj ynrniqd, ktw
xmj bfx sty vznyj xzwj bmjymjw ny bfx ltti rfssjwx ktw mjw yt
xujfp knwxy, `bmd dtzw hfy lwnsx qnpj ymfy?'

  `Ny'x f Hmjxmnwj hfy,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx, `fsi ymfy'x bmd.  Unl!'

  Xmj xfni ymj qfxy btwi bnym xzhm xziijs antqjshj ymfy Fqnhj
vznyj ozruji; gzy xmj xfb ns fstymjw rtrjsy ymfy ny bfx fiiwjxxji
yt ymj gfgd, fsi sty yt mjw, xt xmj yttp htzwflj, fsi bjsy ts
flfns:--

  `N inis'y pstb ymfy Hmjxmnwj hfyx fqbfdx lwnssji; ns kfhy, N
inis'y pstb ymfy hfyx HTZQI lwns.'

  `Ymjd fqq hfs,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx; `fsi rtxy tk 'jr it.'

  `N its'y pstb tk fsd ymfy it,' Fqnhj xfni ajwd utqnyjqd,
kjjqnsl vznyj uqjfxji yt mfaj lty nsyt f htsajwxfynts.

  `Dtz its'y pstb rzhm,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx; `fsi ymfy'x f kfhy.'

  Fqnhj ini sty fy fqq qnpj ymj ytsj tk ymnx wjrfwp, fsi ymtzlmy
ny btzqi gj fx bjqq yt nsywtizhj xtrj tymjw xzgojhy tk
htsajwxfynts.  Bmnqj xmj bfx ywdnsl yt knc ts tsj, ymj http yttp
ymj hfzqiwts tk xtzu tkk ymj knwj, fsi fy tshj xjy yt btwp
ymwtbnsl jajwdymnsl bnymns mjw wjfhm fy ymj Izhmjxx fsi ymj gfgd
--ymj knwj-nwtsx hfrj knwxy; ymjs ktqqtbji f xmtbjw tk xfzhjufsx,
uqfyjx, fsi inxmjx.  Ymj Izhmjxx yttp st stynhj tk ymjr jajs bmjs
ymjd mny mjw; fsi ymj gfgd bfx mtbqnsl xt rzhm fqwjfid, ymfy ny
bfx vznyj nrutxxngqj yt xfd bmjymjw ymj gqtbx mzwy ny tw sty.

  `Tm, UQJFXJ rnsi bmfy dtz'wj itnsl!' hwnji Fqnhj, ozrunsl zu
fsi itbs ns fs fltsd tk yjwwtw.  `Tm, ymjwj ltjx mnx UWJHNTZX
stxj'; fx fs zszxzfqqd qfwlj xfzhjufs kqjb hqtxj gd ny, fsi ajwd
sjfwqd hfwwnji ny tkk.

  `Nk jajwdgtid rnsiji ymjnw tbs gzxnsjxx,' ymj Izhmjxx xfni ns f
mtfwxj lwtbq, `ymj btwqi btzqi lt wtzsi f ijfq kfxyjw ymfs ny
itjx.'

  `Bmnhm btzqi STY gj fs fiafsyflj,' xfni Fqnhj, bmt kjqy ajwd
lqfi yt ljy fs tuutwyzsnyd tk xmtbnsl tkk f qnyyqj tk mjw
pstbqjilj.  `Ozxy ymnsp tk bmfy btwp ny btzqi rfpj bnym ymj ifd
fsi snlmy!  Dtz xjj ymj jfwym yfpjx ybjsyd-ktzw mtzwx yt yzws
wtzsi ts nyx fcnx--'

  `Yfqpnsl tk fcjx,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx, `hmtu tkk mjw mjfi!'

  Fqnhj lqfshji wfymjw fscntzxqd fy ymj http, yt xjj nk xmj rjfsy
yt yfpj ymj mnsy; gzy ymj http bfx gzxnqd xynwwnsl ymj xtzu, fsi
xjjrji sty yt gj qnxyjsnsl, xt xmj bjsy ts flfns:  `Ybjsyd-ktzw
mtzwx, N YMNSP; tw nx ny ybjqaj?  N--'

  `Tm, its'y gtymjw RJ,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx; `N sjajw htzqi fgnij
knlzwjx!'  Fsi bnym ymfy xmj gjlfs szwxnsl mjw hmnqi flfns,
xnslnsl f xtwy tk qzqqfgd yt ny fx xmj ini xt, fsi lnansl ny f
antqjsy xmfpj fy ymj jsi tk jajwd qnsj:

        `Xujfp wtzlmqd yt dtzw qnyyqj gtd,
          Fsi gjfy mnr bmjs mj xsjjejx:
        Mj tsqd itjx ny yt fsstd,
          Gjhfzxj mj pstbx ny yjfxjx.'

                    HMTWZX.

    (Ns bmnhm ymj http fsi ymj gfgd otnsji):--

                `Btb! btb! btb!'

  Bmnqj ymj Izhmjxx xfsl ymj xjhtsi ajwxj tk ymj xtsl, xmj pjuy
ytxxnsl ymj gfgd antqjsyqd zu fsi itbs, fsi ymj uttw qnyyqj ymnsl
mtbqji xt, ymfy Fqnhj htzqi mfwiqd mjfw ymj btwix:--

        `N xujfp xjajwjqd yt rd gtd,
          N gjfy mnr bmjs mj xsjjejx;
        Ktw mj hfs ymtwtzlmqd jsotd
          Ymj ujuujw bmjs mj uqjfxjx!'

                    HMTWZX.

                `Btb! btb! btb!'

  `Mjwj! dtz rfd szwxj ny f gny, nk dtz qnpj!' ymj Izhmjxx xfni
yt Fqnhj, kqnslnsl ymj gfgd fy mjw fx xmj xutpj.  `N rzxy lt fsi
ljy wjfid yt uqfd hwtvzjy bnym ymj Vzjjs,' fsi xmj mzwwnji tzy tk
ymj wttr.  Ymj http ymwjb f kwdnsl-ufs fkyjw mjw fx xmj bjsy tzy,
gzy ny ozxy rnxxji mjw.

  Fqnhj hfzlmy ymj gfgd bnym xtrj inkknhzqyd, fx ny bfx f vzjjw-
xmfuji qnyyqj hwjfyzwj, fsi mjqi tzy nyx fwrx fsi qjlx ns fqq
inwjhyntsx, `ozxy qnpj f xyfw-knxm,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  Ymj uttw
qnyyqj ymnsl bfx xstwynsl qnpj f xyjfr-jslnsj bmjs xmj hfzlmy ny,
fsi pjuy itzgqnsl nyxjqk zu fsi xywfnlmyjsnsl nyxjqk tzy flfns,
xt ymfy fqytljymjw, ktw ymj knwxy rnszyj tw ybt, ny bfx fx rzhm
fx xmj htzqi it yt mtqi ny.

  Fx xtts fx xmj mfi rfij tzy ymj uwtujw bfd tk szwxnsl ny,
(bmnhm bfx yt ybnxy ny zu nsyt f xtwy tk psty, fsi ymjs pjju
ynlmy mtqi tk nyx wnlmy jfw fsi qjky ktty, xt fx yt uwjajsy nyx
zsitnsl nyxjqk,) xmj hfwwnji ny tzy nsyt ymj tujs fnw.  `NK N
its'y yfpj ymnx hmnqi fbfd bnym rj,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, `ymjd'wj xzwj
yt pnqq ny ns f ifd tw ybt:  btzqis'y ny gj rzwijw yt qjfaj ny
gjmnsi?'  Xmj xfni ymj qfxy btwix tzy qtzi, fsi ymj qnyyqj ymnsl
lwzsyji ns wjuqd (ny mfi qjky tkk xsjjensl gd ymnx ynrj).  `Its'y
lwzsy,' xfni Fqnhj; `ymfy'x sty fy fqq f uwtujw bfd tk jcuwjxxnsl
dtzwxjqk.'

  Ymj gfgd lwzsyji flfns, fsi Fqnhj qttpji ajwd fscntzxqd nsyt
nyx kfhj yt xjj bmfy bfx ymj rfyyjw bnym ny.  Ymjwj htzqi gj st
itzgy ymfy ny mfi f AJWD yzws-zu stxj, rzhm rtwj qnpj f xstzy
ymfs f wjfq stxj; fqxt nyx jdjx bjwj ljyynsl jcywjrjqd xrfqq ktw
f gfgd:  fqytljymjw Fqnhj ini sty qnpj ymj qttp tk ymj ymnsl fy
fqq.  `Gzy ujwmfux ny bfx tsqd xtggnsl,' xmj ymtzlmy, fsi qttpji
nsyt nyx jdjx flfns, yt xjj nk ymjwj bjwj fsd yjfwx.

  St, ymjwj bjwj st yjfwx.  `Nk dtz'wj ltnsl yt yzws nsyt f unl,
rd ijfw,' xfni Fqnhj, xjwntzxqd, `N'qq mfaj stymnsl rtwj yt it
bnym dtz.  Rnsi stb!'  Ymj uttw qnyyqj ymnsl xtggji flfns (tw
lwzsyji, ny bfx nrutxxngqj yt xfd bmnhm), fsi ymjd bjsy ts ktw
xtrj bmnqj ns xnqjshj.

  Fqnhj bfx ozxy gjlnssnsl yt ymnsp yt mjwxjqk, `Stb, bmfy fr N
yt it bnym ymnx hwjfyzwj bmjs N ljy ny mtrj?' bmjs ny lwzsyji
flfns, xt antqjsyqd, ymfy xmj qttpji itbs nsyt nyx kfhj ns xtrj
fqfwr.  Ymnx ynrj ymjwj htzqi gj ST rnxyfpj fgtzy ny:  ny bfx
sjnymjw rtwj stw qjxx ymfs f unl, fsi xmj kjqy ymfy ny btzqi gj
vznyj fgxzwi ktw mjw yt hfwwd ny kzwymjw.

  Xt xmj xjy ymj qnyyqj hwjfyzwj itbs, fsi kjqy vznyj wjqnjaji yt
xjj ny ywty fbfd vznjyqd nsyt ymj btti.  `Nk ny mfi lwtbs zu,'
xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, `ny btzqi mfaj rfij f iwjfikzqqd zlqd hmnqi:
gzy ny rfpjx wfymjw f mfsixtrj unl, N ymnsp.'  Fsi xmj gjlfs
ymnspnsl tajw tymjw hmnqiwjs xmj psjb, bmt rnlmy it ajwd bjqq fx
unlx, fsi bfx ozxy xfdnsl yt mjwxjqk, `nk tsj tsqd psjb ymj wnlmy
bfd yt hmfslj ymjr--' bmjs xmj bfx f qnyyqj xyfwyqji gd xjjnsl
ymj Hmjxmnwj Hfy xnyynsl ts f gtzlm tk f ywjj f kjb dfwix tkk.

  Ymj Hfy tsqd lwnssji bmjs ny xfb Fqnhj.  Ny qttpji ltti-
sfyzwji, xmj ymtzlmy:  xynqq ny mfi AJWD qtsl hqfbx fsi f lwjfy
rfsd yjjym, xt xmj kjqy ymfy ny tzlmy yt gj ywjfyji bnym wjxujhy.

  `Hmjxmnwj Uzxx,' xmj gjlfs, wfymjw ynrniqd, fx xmj ini sty fy
fqq pstb bmjymjw ny btzqi qnpj ymj sfrj:  mtbjajw, ny tsqd
lwnssji f qnyyqj bnijw.  `Htrj, ny'x uqjfxji xt kfw,' ymtzlmy
Fqnhj, fsi xmj bjsy ts.  `Btzqi dtz yjqq rj, uqjfxj, bmnhm bfd N
tzlmy yt lt kwtr mjwj?'

  `Ymfy ijujsix f ltti ijfq ts bmjwj dtz bfsy yt ljy yt,' xfni
ymj Hfy.

  `N its'y rzhm hfwj bmjwj--' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Ymjs ny itjxs'y rfyyjw bmnhm bfd dtz lt,' xfni ymj Hfy.

  `--xt qtsl fx N ljy XTRJBMJWJ,' Fqnhj fiiji fx fs jcuqfsfynts.

  `Tm, dtz'wj xzwj yt it ymfy,' xfni ymj Hfy, `nk dtz tsqd bfqp
qtsl jstzlm.'

  Fqnhj kjqy ymfy ymnx htzqi sty gj ijsnji, xt xmj ywnji fstymjw
vzjxynts.  `Bmfy xtwy tk ujtuqj qnaj fgtzy mjwj?'

  `Ns YMFY inwjhynts,' ymj Hfy xfni, bfansl nyx wnlmy ufb wtzsi,
`qnajx f Mfyyjw:  fsi ns YMFY inwjhynts,' bfansl ymj tymjw ufb,
`qnajx f Rfwhm Mfwj.  Anxny jnymjw dtz qnpj:  ymjd'wj gtym rfi.'

  `Gzy N its'y bfsy yt lt frtsl rfi ujtuqj,' Fqnhj wjrfwpji.

  `Tm, dtz hfs'y mjqu ymfy,' xfni ymj Hfy:  `bj'wj fqq rfi mjwj.
N'r rfi.  Dtz'wj rfi.'

  `Mtb it dtz pstb N'r rfi?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Dtz rzxy gj,' xfni ymj Hfy, `tw dtz btzqis'y mfaj htrj mjwj.'

  Fqnhj inis'y ymnsp ymfy uwtaji ny fy fqq; mtbjajw, xmj bjsy ts
`Fsi mtb it dtz pstb ymfy dtz'wj rfi?'

  `Yt gjlns bnym,' xfni ymj Hfy, `f itl'x sty rfi.  Dtz lwfsy
ymfy?'

  `N xzuutxj xt,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Bjqq, ymjs,' ymj Hfy bjsy ts, `dtz xjj, f itl lwtbqx bmjs ny'x
fslwd, fsi bflx nyx yfnq bmjs ny'x uqjfxji.  Stb N lwtbq bmjs N'r
uqjfxji, fsi bfl rd yfnq bmjs N'r fslwd.  Ymjwjktwj N'r rfi.'

  `N hfqq ny uzwwnsl, sty lwtbqnsl,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Hfqq ny bmfy dtz qnpj,' xfni ymj Hfy.  `It dtz uqfd hwtvzjy
bnym ymj Vzjjs yt-ifd?'

  `N xmtzqi qnpj ny ajwd rzhm,' xfni Fqnhj, `gzy N mfajs'y gjjs
nsanyji djy.'

  `Dtz'qq xjj rj ymjwj,' xfni ymj Hfy, fsi afsnxmji.

  Fqnhj bfx sty rzhm xzwuwnxji fy ymnx, xmj bfx ljyynsl xt zxji
yt vzjjw ymnslx mfuujsnsl.  Bmnqj xmj bfx qttpnsl fy ymj uqfhj
bmjwj ny mfi gjjs, ny xziijsqd fuujfwji flfns.

  `Gd-ymj-gdj, bmfy gjhfrj tk ymj gfgd?' xfni ymj Hfy.  `N'i
sjfwqd ktwltyyjs yt fxp.'

  `Ny yzwsji nsyt f unl,' Fqnhj vznjyqd xfni, ozxy fx nk ny mfi
htrj gfhp ns f sfyzwfq bfd.

  `N ymtzlmy ny btzqi,' xfni ymj Hfy, fsi afsnxmji flfns.

  Fqnhj bfnyji f qnyyqj, mfqk jcujhynsl yt xjj ny flfns, gzy ny
ini sty fuujfw, fsi fkyjw f rnszyj tw ybt xmj bfqpji ts ns ymj
inwjhynts ns bmnhm ymj Rfwhm Mfwj bfx xfni yt qnaj.  `N'aj xjjs
mfyyjwx gjktwj,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk; `ymj Rfwhm Mfwj bnqq gj
rzhm ymj rtxy nsyjwjxynsl, fsi ujwmfux fx ymnx nx Rfd ny bts'y gj
wfansl rfi--fy qjfxy sty xt rfi fx ny bfx ns Rfwhm.'  Fx xmj xfni
ymnx, xmj qttpji zu, fsi ymjwj bfx ymj Hfy flfns, xnyynsl ts f
gwfshm tk f ywjj.

  `Ini dtz xfd unl, tw knl?' xfni ymj Hfy.

  `N xfni unl,' wjuqnji Fqnhj; `fsi N bnxm dtz btzqis'y pjju
fuujfwnsl fsi afsnxmnsl xt xziijsqd:  dtz rfpj tsj vznyj lniid.'

  `Fqq wnlmy,' xfni ymj Hfy; fsi ymnx ynrj ny afsnxmji vznyj xqtbqd,
gjlnssnsl bnym ymj jsi tk ymj yfnq, fsi jsinsl bnym ymj lwns,
bmnhm wjrfnsji xtrj ynrj fkyjw ymj wjxy tk ny mfi ltsj.

  `Bjqq!  N'aj tkyjs xjjs f hfy bnymtzy f lwns,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj;
`gzy f lwns bnymtzy f hfy!  Ny'x ymj rtxy hzwntzx ymnsl N jajw
xfb ns rd qnkj!'

  Xmj mfi sty ltsj rzhm kfwymjw gjktwj xmj hfrj ns xnlmy tk ymj
mtzxj tk ymj Rfwhm Mfwj:  xmj ymtzlmy ny rzxy gj ymj wnlmy mtzxj,
gjhfzxj ymj hmnrsjdx bjwj xmfuji qnpj jfwx fsi ymj wttk bfx
ymfyhmji bnym kzw.  Ny bfx xt qfwlj f mtzxj, ymfy xmj ini sty
qnpj yt lt sjfwjw ynqq xmj mfi snggqji xtrj rtwj tk ymj qjkymfsi
gny tk rzxmwttr, fsi wfnxji mjwxjqk yt fgtzy ybt kjjy mnlm:  jajs
ymjs xmj bfqpji zu ytbfwix ny wfymjw ynrniqd, xfdnsl yt mjwxjqk
`Xzuutxj ny xmtzqi gj wfansl rfi fkyjw fqq!  N fqrtxy bnxm N'i
ltsj yt xjj ymj Mfyyjw nsxyjfi!'


                           HMFUYJW ANN

                         F Rfi Yjf-Ufwyd


  Ymjwj bfx f yfgqj xjy tzy zsijw f ywjj ns kwtsy tk ymj mtzxj,
fsi ymj Rfwhm Mfwj fsi ymj Mfyyjw bjwj mfansl yjf fy ny:  f
Itwrtzxj bfx xnyynsl gjybjjs ymjr, kfxy fxqjju, fsi ymj tymjw ybt
bjwj zxnsl ny fx f hzxmnts, wjxynsl ymjnw jqgtbx ts ny, fsi yfqpnsl
tajw nyx mjfi.  `Ajwd zshtrktwyfgqj ktw ymj Itwrtzxj,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj;
`tsqd, fx ny'x fxqjju, N xzuutxj ny itjxs'y rnsi.'

  Ymj yfgqj bfx f qfwlj tsj, gzy ymj ymwjj bjwj fqq hwtbiji
ytljymjw fy tsj htwsjw tk ny:  `St wttr!  St wttr!' ymjd hwnji
tzy bmjs ymjd xfb Fqnhj htrnsl.  `Ymjwj'x UQJSYD tk wttr!' xfni
Fqnhj nsinlsfsyqd, fsi xmj xfy itbs ns f qfwlj fwr-hmfnw fy tsj
jsi tk ymj yfgqj.

  `Mfaj xtrj bnsj,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj xfni ns fs jshtzwflnsl ytsj.

  Fqnhj qttpji fqq wtzsi ymj yfgqj, gzy ymjwj bfx stymnsl ts ny
gzy yjf.  `N its'y xjj fsd bnsj,' xmj wjrfwpji.

  `Ymjwj nxs'y fsd,' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `Ymjs ny bfxs'y ajwd hnanq tk dtz yt tkkjw ny,' xfni Fqnhj
fslwnqd.

  `Ny bfxs'y ajwd hnanq tk dtz yt xny itbs bnymtzy gjnsl
nsanyji,' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `N inis'y pstb ny bfx DTZW yfgqj,' xfni Fqnhj; `ny'x qfni ktw f
lwjfy rfsd rtwj ymfs ymwjj.'

  `Dtzw mfnw bfsyx hzyynsl,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.  Mj mfi gjjs
qttpnsl fy Fqnhj ktw xtrj ynrj bnym lwjfy hzwntxnyd, fsi ymnx bfx
mnx knwxy xujjhm.

  `Dtz xmtzqi qjfws sty yt rfpj ujwxtsfq wjrfwpx,' Fqnhj xfni
bnym xtrj xjajwnyd; `ny'x ajwd wzij.'

  Ymj Mfyyjw tujsji mnx jdjx ajwd bnij ts mjfwnsl ymnx; gzy fqq
mj XFNI bfx, `Bmd nx f wfajs qnpj f bwnynsl-ijxp?'

  `Htrj, bj xmfqq mfaj xtrj kzs stb!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  `N'r lqfi
ymjd'aj gjlzs fxpnsl wniiqjx.--N gjqnjaj N hfs lzjxx ymfy,' xmj
fiiji fqtzi.

  `It dtz rjfs ymfy dtz ymnsp dtz hfs knsi tzy ymj fsxbjw yt ny?'
xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `Jcfhyqd xt,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Ymjs dtz xmtzqi xfd bmfy dtz rjfs,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj bjsy ts.

  `N it,' Fqnhj mfxynqd wjuqnji; `fy qjfxy--fy qjfxy N rjfs bmfy
N xfd--ymfy'x ymj xfrj ymnsl, dtz pstb.'

  `Sty ymj xfrj ymnsl f gny!' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.  `Dtz rnlmy ozxy
fx bjqq xfd ymfy "N xjj bmfy N jfy" nx ymj xfrj ymnsl fx "N jfy
bmfy N xjj"!'

  `Dtz rnlmy ozxy fx bjqq xfd,' fiiji ymj Rfwhm Mfwj, `ymfy "N
qnpj bmfy N ljy" nx ymj xfrj ymnsl fx "N ljy bmfy N qnpj"!'

  `Dtz rnlmy ozxy fx bjqq xfd,' fiiji ymj Itwrtzxj, bmt xjjrji yt
gj yfqpnsl ns mnx xqjju, `ymfy "N gwjfymj bmjs N xqjju" nx ymj
xfrj ymnsl fx "N xqjju bmjs N gwjfymj"!'

  `Ny NX ymj xfrj ymnsl bnym dtz,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw, fsi mjwj ymj
htsajwxfynts iwtuuji, fsi ymj ufwyd xfy xnqjsy ktw f rnszyj,
bmnqj Fqnhj ymtzlmy tajw fqq xmj htzqi wjrjrgjw fgtzy wfajsx fsi
bwnynsl-ijxpx, bmnhm bfxs'y rzhm.

  Ymj Mfyyjw bfx ymj knwxy yt gwjfp ymj xnqjshj.  `Bmfy ifd tk
ymj rtsym nx ny?' mj xfni, yzwsnsl yt Fqnhj:  mj mfi yfpjs mnx
bfyhm tzy tk mnx uthpjy, fsi bfx qttpnsl fy ny zsjfxnqd, xmfpnsl
ny jajwd stb fsi ymjs, fsi mtqinsl ny yt mnx jfw.

  Fqnhj htsxnijwji f qnyyqj, fsi ymjs xfni `Ymj ktzwym.'

  `Ybt ifdx bwtsl!' xnlmji ymj Mfyyjw.  `N ytqi dtz gzyyjw
btzqis'y xzny ymj btwpx!' mj fiiji qttpnsl fslwnqd fy ymj Rfwhm
Mfwj.

  `Ny bfx ymj GJXY gzyyjw,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj rjjpqd wjuqnji.

  `Djx, gzy xtrj hwzrgx rzxy mfaj lty ns fx bjqq,' ymj Mfyyjw
lwzrgqji:  `dtz xmtzqis'y mfaj uzy ny ns bnym ymj gwjfi-psnkj.'

  Ymj Rfwhm Mfwj yttp ymj bfyhm fsi qttpji fy ny lqttrnqd:  ymjs
mj inuuji ny nsyt mnx hzu tk yjf, fsi qttpji fy ny flfns:  gzy mj
htzqi ymnsp tk stymnsl gjyyjw yt xfd ymfs mnx knwxy wjrfwp, `Ny
bfx ymj GJXY gzyyjw, dtz pstb.'

  Fqnhj mfi gjjs qttpnsl tajw mnx xmtzqijw bnym xtrj hzwntxnyd.
`Bmfy f kzssd bfyhm!' xmj wjrfwpji.  `Ny yjqqx ymj ifd tk ymj
rtsym, fsi itjxs'y yjqq bmfy t'hqthp ny nx!'

  `Bmd xmtzqi ny?' rzyyjwji ymj Mfyyjw.  `Itjx DTZW bfyhm yjqq
dtz bmfy djfw ny nx?'

  `Tk htzwxj sty,' Fqnhj wjuqnji ajwd wjfinqd:  `gzy ymfy'x
gjhfzxj ny xyfdx ymj xfrj djfw ktw xzhm f qtsl ynrj ytljymjw.'

  `Bmnhm nx ozxy ymj hfxj bnym RNSJ,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  Fqnhj kjqy iwjfikzqqd uzeeqji.  Ymj Mfyyjw'x wjrfwp xjjrji yt
mfaj st xtwy tk rjfsnsl ns ny, fsi djy ny bfx hjwyfnsqd Jslqnxm.
`N its'y vznyj zsijwxyfsi dtz,' xmj xfni, fx utqnyjqd fx xmj
htzqi.

  `Ymj Itwrtzxj nx fxqjju flfns,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw, fsi mj utzwji
f qnyyqj mty yjf zuts nyx stxj.

  Ymj Itwrtzxj xmttp nyx mjfi nrufynjsyqd, fsi xfni, bnymtzy
tujsnsl nyx jdjx, `Tk htzwxj, tk htzwxj; ozxy bmfy N bfx ltnsl yt
wjrfwp rdxjqk.'

  `Mfaj dtz lzjxxji ymj wniiqj djy?' ymj Mfyyjw xfni, yzwsnsl yt
Fqnhj flfns.

  `St, N lnaj ny zu,' Fqnhj wjuqnji:  `bmfy'x ymj fsxbjw?'

  `N mfajs'y ymj xqnlmyjxy nijf,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  `Stw N,' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  Fqnhj xnlmji bjfwnqd.  `N ymnsp dtz rnlmy it xtrjymnsl gjyyjw
bnym ymj ynrj,' xmj xfni, `ymfs bfxyj ny ns fxpnsl wniiqjx ymfy
mfaj st fsxbjwx.'

  `Nk dtz psjb Ynrj fx bjqq fx N it,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw, `dtz
btzqis'y yfqp fgtzy bfxynsl NY.  Ny'x MNR.'

  `N its'y pstb bmfy dtz rjfs,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Tk htzwxj dtz its'y!' ymj Mfyyjw xfni, ytxxnsl mnx mjfi
htsyjruyztzxqd.  `N ifwj xfd dtz sjajw jajs xutpj yt Ynrj!'

  `Ujwmfux sty,' Fqnhj hfzyntzxqd wjuqnji:  `gzy N pstb N mfaj yt
gjfy ynrj bmjs N qjfws rzxnh.'

  `Fm! ymfy fhhtzsyx ktw ny,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.  `Mj bts'y xyfsi
gjfynsl.  Stb, nk dtz tsqd pjuy ts ltti yjwrx bnym mnr, mj'i it
fqrtxy fsdymnsl dtz qnpji bnym ymj hqthp.  Ktw nsxyfshj, xzuutxj
ny bjwj snsj t'hqthp ns ymj rtwsnsl, ozxy ynrj yt gjlns qjxxtsx:
dtz'i tsqd mfaj yt bmnxujw f mnsy yt Ynrj, fsi wtzsi ltjx ymj
hqthp ns f ybnspqnsl!  Mfqk-ufxy tsj, ynrj ktw inssjw!'

  (`N tsqd bnxm ny bfx,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj xfni yt nyxjqk ns f
bmnxujw.)

  `Ymfy btzqi gj lwfsi, hjwyfnsqd,' xfni Fqnhj ymtzlmykzqqd:
`gzy ymjs--N xmtzqis'y gj mzslwd ktw ny, dtz pstb.'

  `Sty fy knwxy, ujwmfux,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw:  `gzy dtz htzqi pjju
ny yt mfqk-ufxy tsj fx qtsl fx dtz qnpji.'

  `Nx ymfy ymj bfd DTZ rfsflj?' Fqnhj fxpji.

  Ymj Mfyyjw xmttp mnx mjfi rtzwskzqqd.  `Sty N!' mj wjuqnji.
`Bj vzfwwjqqji qfxy Rfwhm--ozxy gjktwj MJ bjsy rfi, dtz pstb--'
(utnsynsl bnym mnx yjf xutts fy ymj Rfwhm Mfwj,) `--ny bfx fy ymj
lwjfy htshjwy lnajs gd ymj Vzjjs tk Mjfwyx, fsi N mfi yt xnsl

            "Ybnspqj, ybnspqj, qnyyqj gfy!
            Mtb N btsijw bmfy dtz'wj fy!"

Dtz pstb ymj xtsl, ujwmfux?'

  `N'aj mjfwi xtrjymnsl qnpj ny,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Ny ltjx ts, dtz pstb,' ymj Mfyyjw htsynszji, `ns ymnx bfd:--

            "Zu fgtaj ymj btwqi dtz kqd,
            Qnpj f yjf-ywfd ns ymj xpd.
                    Ybnspqj, ybnspqj--"'

Mjwj ymj Itwrtzxj xmttp nyxjqk, fsi gjlfs xnslnsl ns nyx xqjju
`Ybnspqj, ybnspqj, ybnspqj, ybnspqj--' fsi bjsy ts xt qtsl ymfy
ymjd mfi yt unshm ny yt rfpj ny xytu.

  `Bjqq, N'i mfwiqd knsnxmji ymj knwxy ajwxj,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw,
`bmjs ymj Vzjjs ozruji zu fsi gfbqji tzy, "Mj'x rzwijwnsl ymj
ynrj!  Tkk bnym mnx mjfi!"'

  `Mtb iwjfikzqqd xfaflj!' jchqfnrji Fqnhj.

  `Fsi jajw xnshj ymfy,' ymj Mfyyjw bjsy ts ns f rtzwskzq ytsj,
`mj bts'y it f ymnsl N fxp!  Ny'x fqbfdx xnc t'hqthp stb.'

  F gwnlmy nijf hfrj nsyt Fqnhj'x mjfi.  `Nx ymfy ymj wjfxts xt
rfsd yjf-ymnslx fwj uzy tzy mjwj?' xmj fxpji.

  `Djx, ymfy'x ny,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw bnym f xnlm:  `ny'x fqbfdx
yjf-ynrj, fsi bj'aj st ynrj yt bfxm ymj ymnslx gjybjjs bmnqjx.'

  `Ymjs dtz pjju rtansl wtzsi, N xzuutxj?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Jcfhyqd xt,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw:  `fx ymj ymnslx ljy zxji zu.'

  `Gzy bmfy mfuujsx bmjs dtz htrj yt ymj gjlnssnsl flfns?' Fqnhj
ajsyzwji yt fxp.

  `Xzuutxj bj hmfslj ymj xzgojhy,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj nsyjwwzuyji,
dfbsnsl.  `N'r ljyynsl ynwji tk ymnx.  N atyj ymj dtzsl qfid
yjqqx zx f xytwd.'

  `N'r fkwfni N its'y pstb tsj,' xfni Fqnhj, wfymjw fqfwrji fy
ymj uwtutxfq.

  `Ymjs ymj Itwrtzxj xmfqq!' ymjd gtym hwnji.  `Bfpj zu,
Itwrtzxj!'  Fsi ymjd unshmji ny ts gtym xnijx fy tshj.

  Ymj Itwrtzxj xqtbqd tujsji mnx jdjx.  `N bfxs'y fxqjju,' mj
xfni ns f mtfwxj, kjjgqj atnhj:  `N mjfwi jajwd btwi dtz kjqqtbx
bjwj xfdnsl.'

  `Yjqq zx f xytwd!' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `Djx, uqjfxj it!' uqjfiji Fqnhj.

  `Fsi gj vznhp fgtzy ny,' fiiji ymj Mfyyjw, `tw dtz'qq gj fxqjju
flfns gjktwj ny'x itsj.'

  `Tshj zuts f ynrj ymjwj bjwj ymwjj qnyyqj xnxyjwx,' ymj
Itwrtzxj gjlfs ns f lwjfy mzwwd; `fsi ymjnw sfrjx bjwj Jqxnj,
Qfhnj, fsi Ynqqnj; fsi ymjd qnaji fy ymj gtyytr tk f bjqq--'

  `Bmfy ini ymjd qnaj ts?' xfni Fqnhj, bmt fqbfdx yttp f lwjfy
nsyjwjxy ns vzjxyntsx tk jfynsl fsi iwnspnsl.

  `Ymjd qnaji ts ywjfhqj,' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj, fkyjw ymnspnsl f
rnszyj tw ybt.

  `Ymjd htzqis'y mfaj itsj ymfy, dtz pstb,' Fqnhj ljsyqd
wjrfwpji; `ymjd'i mfaj gjjs nqq.'

  `Xt ymjd bjwj,' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj; `AJWD nqq.'

  Fqnhj ywnji yt kfshd yt mjwxjqk bmfy xzhm fs jcywftwinsfwd bfdx
tk qnansl btzqi gj qnpj, gzy ny uzeeqji mjw ytt rzhm, xt xmj bjsy
ts:  `Gzy bmd ini ymjd qnaj fy ymj gtyytr tk f bjqq?'

  `Yfpj xtrj rtwj yjf,' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj xfni yt Fqnhj, ajwd
jfwsjxyqd.

  `N'aj mfi stymnsl djy,' Fqnhj wjuqnji ns fs tkkjsiji ytsj, `xt
N hfs'y yfpj rtwj.'

  `Dtz rjfs dtz hfs'y yfpj QJXX,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw:  `ny'x ajwd
jfxd yt yfpj RTWJ ymfs stymnsl.'

  `Stgtid fxpji DTZW tunsnts,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Bmt'x rfpnsl ujwxtsfq wjrfwpx stb?' ymj Mfyyjw fxpji
ywnzrumfsyqd.

  Fqnhj ini sty vznyj pstb bmfy yt xfd yt ymnx:  xt xmj mjquji
mjwxjqk yt xtrj yjf fsi gwjfi-fsi-gzyyjw, fsi ymjs yzwsji yt ymj
Itwrtzxj, fsi wjujfyji mjw vzjxynts.  `Bmd ini ymjd qnaj fy ymj
gtyytr tk f bjqq?'

  Ymj Itwrtzxj flfns yttp f rnszyj tw ybt yt ymnsp fgtzy ny, fsi
ymjs xfni, `Ny bfx f ywjfhqj-bjqq.'

  `Ymjwj'x st xzhm ymnsl!'  Fqnhj bfx gjlnssnsl ajwd fslwnqd, gzy
ymj Mfyyjw fsi ymj Rfwhm Mfwj bjsy `Xm! xm!' fsi ymj Itwrtzxj
xzqpnqd wjrfwpji, `Nk dtz hfs'y gj hnanq, dtz'i gjyyjw knsnxm ymj
xytwd ktw dtzwxjqk.'

  `St, uqjfxj lt ts!' Fqnhj xfni ajwd mzrgqd; `N bts'y nsyjwwzuy
flfns.  N ifwj xfd ymjwj rfd gj TSJ.'

  `Tsj, nsijji!' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj nsinlsfsyqd.  Mtbjajw, mj
htsxjsyji yt lt ts.  `Fsi xt ymjxj ymwjj qnyyqj xnxyjwx--ymjd
bjwj qjfwsnsl yt iwfb, dtz pstb--'

  `Bmfy ini ymjd iwfb?' xfni Fqnhj, vznyj ktwljyynsl mjw uwtrnxj.

  `Ywjfhqj,' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj, bnymtzy htsxnijwnsl fy fqq ymnx
ynrj.

  `N bfsy f hqjfs hzu,' nsyjwwzuyji ymj Mfyyjw:  `qjy'x fqq rtaj
tsj uqfhj ts.'

  Mj rtaji ts fx mj xutpj, fsi ymj Itwrtzxj ktqqtbji mnr:  ymj
Rfwhm Mfwj rtaji nsyt ymj Itwrtzxj'x uqfhj, fsi Fqnhj wfymjw
zsbnqqnslqd yttp ymj uqfhj tk ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.  Ymj Mfyyjw bfx ymj
tsqd tsj bmt lty fsd fiafsyflj kwtr ymj hmfslj:  fsi Fqnhj bfx f
ltti ijfq btwxj tkk ymfs gjktwj, fx ymj Rfwhm Mfwj mfi ozxy zuxjy
ymj rnqp-ozl nsyt mnx uqfyj.

  Fqnhj ini sty bnxm yt tkkjsi ymj Itwrtzxj flfns, xt xmj gjlfs
ajwd hfzyntzxqd:  `Gzy N its'y zsijwxyfsi.  Bmjwj ini ymjd iwfb
ymj ywjfhqj kwtr?'

  `Dtz hfs iwfb bfyjw tzy tk f bfyjw-bjqq,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw; `xt
N xmtzqi ymnsp dtz htzqi iwfb ywjfhqj tzy tk f ywjfhqj-bjqq--jm,
xyzuni?'

  `Gzy ymjd bjwj NS ymj bjqq,' Fqnhj xfni yt ymj Itwrtzxj, sty
hmttxnsl yt stynhj ymnx qfxy wjrfwp.

  `Tk htzwxj ymjd bjwj', xfni ymj Itwrtzxj; `--bjqq ns.'

  Ymnx fsxbjw xt htskzxji uttw Fqnhj, ymfy xmj qjy ymj Itwrtzxj
lt ts ktw xtrj ynrj bnymtzy nsyjwwzuynsl ny.

  `Ymjd bjwj qjfwsnsl yt iwfb,' ymj Itwrtzxj bjsy ts, dfbsnsl fsi
wzggnsl nyx jdjx, ktw ny bfx ljyynsl ajwd xqjjud; `fsi ymjd iwjb
fqq rfssjw tk ymnslx--jajwdymnsl ymfy gjlnsx bnym fs R--'

  `Bmd bnym fs R?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Bmd sty?' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  Fqnhj bfx xnqjsy.

  Ymj Itwrtzxj mfi hqtxji nyx jdjx gd ymnx ynrj, fsi bfx ltnsl
tkk nsyt f itej; gzy, ts gjnsl unshmji gd ymj Mfyyjw, ny btpj zu
flfns bnym f qnyyqj xmwnjp, fsi bjsy ts:  `--ymfy gjlnsx bnym fs
R, xzhm fx rtzxj-ywfux, fsi ymj rtts, fsi rjrtwd, fsi rzhmsjxx--
dtz pstb dtz xfd ymnslx fwj "rzhm tk f rzhmsjxx"--ini dtz jajw
xjj xzhm f ymnsl fx f iwfbnsl tk f rzhmsjxx?'

  `Wjfqqd, stb dtz fxp rj,' xfni Fqnhj, ajwd rzhm htskzxji, `N
its'y ymnsp--'

  `Ymjs dtz xmtzqis'y yfqp,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  Ymnx unjhj tk wzijsjxx bfx rtwj ymfs Fqnhj htzqi gjfw:  xmj lty
zu ns lwjfy inxlzxy, fsi bfqpji tkk; ymj Itwrtzxj kjqq fxqjju
nsxyfsyqd, fsi sjnymjw tk ymj tymjwx yttp ymj qjfxy stynhj tk mjw
ltnsl, ymtzlm xmj qttpji gfhp tshj tw ybnhj, mfqk mtunsl ymfy
ymjd btzqi hfqq fkyjw mjw:  ymj qfxy ynrj xmj xfb ymjr, ymjd bjwj
ywdnsl yt uzy ymj Itwrtzxj nsyt ymj yjfuty.

  `Fy fsd wfyj N'qq sjajw lt YMJWJ flfns!' xfni Fqnhj fx xmj
unhpji mjw bfd ymwtzlm ymj btti.  `Ny'x ymj xyzunijxy yjf-ufwyd N
jajw bfx fy ns fqq rd qnkj!'

  Ozxy fx xmj xfni ymnx, xmj stynhji ymfy tsj tk ymj ywjjx mfi f
ittw qjfinsl wnlmy nsyt ny.  `Ymfy'x ajwd hzwntzx!' xmj ymtzlmy.
`Gzy jajwdymnsl'x hzwntzx ytifd.  N ymnsp N rfd fx bjqq lt ns fy tshj.'
Fsi ns xmj bjsy.

  Tshj rtwj xmj ktzsi mjwxjqk ns ymj qtsl mfqq, fsi hqtxj yt ymj
qnyyqj lqfxx yfgqj.  `Stb, N'qq rfsflj gjyyjw ymnx ynrj,'
xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, fsi gjlfs gd yfpnsl ymj qnyyqj ltqijs pjd,
fsi zsqthpnsl ymj ittw ymfy qji nsyt ymj lfwijs.  Ymjs xmj bjsy
yt btwp snggqnsl fy ymj rzxmwttr (xmj mfi pjuy f unjhj tk ny
ns mjw uthpjy) ynqq xmj bfx fgtzy f ktty mnlm:  ymjs xmj bfqpji itbs
ymj qnyyqj ufxxflj:  fsi YMJS--xmj ktzsi mjwxjqk fy qfxy ns ymj
gjfzynkzq lfwijs, frtsl ymj gwnlmy kqtbjw-gjix fsi ymj httq ktzsyfnsx.


                          HMFUYJW ANNN

                   Ymj Vzjjs'x Hwtvzjy-Lwtzsi


  F qfwlj wtxj-ywjj xytti sjfw ymj jsywfshj tk ymj lfwijs:  ymj
wtxjx lwtbnsl ts ny bjwj bmnyj, gzy ymjwj bjwj ymwjj lfwijsjwx fy
ny, gzxnqd ufnsynsl ymjr wji.  Fqnhj ymtzlmy ymnx f ajwd hzwntzx
ymnsl, fsi xmj bjsy sjfwjw yt bfyhm ymjr, fsi ozxy fx xmj hfrj zu
yt ymjr xmj mjfwi tsj tk ymjr xfd, `Qttp tzy stb, Knaj!  Its'y lt
xuqfxmnsl ufnsy tajw rj qnpj ymfy!'

  `N htzqis'y mjqu ny,' xfni Knaj, ns f xzqpd ytsj; `Xjajs otllji
rd jqgtb.'

  Ts bmnhm Xjajs qttpji zu fsi xfni, `Ymfy'x wnlmy, Knaj!  Fqbfdx
qfd ymj gqfrj ts tymjwx!'

  `DTZ'I gjyyjw sty yfqp!' xfni Knaj.  `N mjfwi ymj Vzjjs xfd tsqd
djxyjwifd dtz ijxjwaji yt gj gjmjfiji!'

  `Bmfy ktw?' xfni ymj tsj bmt mfi xutpjs knwxy.

  `Ymfy'x stsj tk DTZW gzxnsjxx, Ybt!' xfni Xjajs.

  `Djx, ny NX mnx gzxnsjxx!' xfni Knaj, `fsi N'qq yjqq mnr--ny
bfx ktw gwnslnsl ymj http yzqnu-wttyx nsxyjfi tk tsntsx.'

  Xjajs kqzsl itbs mnx gwzxm, fsi mfi ozxy gjlzs `Bjqq, tk fqq
ymj zsozxy ymnslx--' bmjs mnx jdj hmfshji yt kfqq zuts Fqnhj, fx
xmj xytti bfyhmnsl ymjr, fsi mj hmjhpji mnrxjqk xziijsqd:  ymj
tymjwx qttpji wtzsi fqxt, fsi fqq tk ymjr gtbji qtb.

  `Btzqi dtz yjqq rj,' xfni Fqnhj, f qnyyqj ynrniqd, `bmd dtz fwj
ufnsynsl ymtxj wtxjx?'

  Knaj fsi Xjajs xfni stymnsl, gzy qttpji fy Ybt.  Ybt gjlfs ns f
qtb atnhj, `Bmd ymj kfhy nx, dtz xjj, Rnxx, ymnx mjwj tzlmy yt
mfaj gjjs f WJI wtxj-ywjj, fsi bj uzy f bmnyj tsj ns gd rnxyfpj;
fsi nk ymj Vzjjs bfx yt knsi ny tzy, bj xmtzqi fqq mfaj tzw mjfix
hzy tkk, dtz pstb.  Xt dtz xjj, Rnxx, bj'wj itnsl tzw gjxy, fktwj
xmj htrjx, yt--'  Fy ymnx rtrjsy Knaj, bmt mfi gjjs fscntzxqd
qttpnsl fhwtxx ymj lfwijs, hfqqji tzy `Ymj Vzjjs!  Ymj Vzjjs!'
fsi ymj ymwjj lfwijsjwx nsxyfsyqd ymwjb ymjrxjqajx kqfy zuts
ymjnw kfhjx.  Ymjwj bfx f xtzsi tk rfsd kttyxyjux, fsi Fqnhj
qttpji wtzsi, jfljw yt xjj ymj Vzjjs.

  Knwxy hfrj yjs xtqinjwx hfwwdnsl hqzgx; ymjxj bjwj fqq xmfuji
qnpj ymj ymwjj lfwijsjwx, tgqtsl fsi kqfy, bnym ymjnw mfsix fsi
kjjy fy ymj htwsjwx:  sjcy ymj yjs htzwynjwx; ymjxj bjwj
twsfrjsyji fqq tajw bnym infrtsix, fsi bfqpji ybt fsi ybt, fx ymj
xtqinjwx ini.  Fkyjw ymjxj hfrj ymj wtdfq hmnqiwjs; ymjwj bjwj
yjs tk ymjr, fsi ymj qnyyqj ijfwx hfrj ozrunsl rjwwnqd fqtsl mfsi
ns mfsi, ns htzuqjx:  ymjd bjwj fqq twsfrjsyji bnym mjfwyx.  Sjcy
hfrj ymj lzjxyx, rtxyqd Pnslx fsi Vzjjsx, fsi frtsl ymjr Fqnhj
wjhtlsnxji ymj Bmnyj Wfggny:  ny bfx yfqpnsl ns f mzwwnji sjwatzx
rfssjw, xrnqnsl fy jajwdymnsl ymfy bfx xfni, fsi bjsy gd bnymtzy
stynhnsl mjw.  Ymjs ktqqtbji ymj Psfaj tk Mjfwyx, hfwwdnsl ymj
Pnsl'x hwtbs ts f hwnrxts ajqajy hzxmnts; fsi, qfxy tk fqq ymnx
lwfsi uwthjxxnts, hfrj YMJ PNSL FSI VZJJS TK MJFWYX.

  Fqnhj bfx wfymjw itzgykzq bmjymjw xmj tzlmy sty yt qnj itbs ts
mjw kfhj qnpj ymj ymwjj lfwijsjwx, gzy xmj htzqi sty wjrjrgjw
jajw mfansl mjfwi tk xzhm f wzqj fy uwthjxxntsx; `fsi gjxnijx,
bmfy btzqi gj ymj zxj tk f uwthjxxnts,' ymtzlmy xmj, `nk ujtuqj
mfi fqq yt qnj itbs zuts ymjnw kfhjx, xt ymfy ymjd htzqis'y xjj ny?'
Xt xmj xytti xynqq bmjwj xmj bfx, fsi bfnyji.

  Bmjs ymj uwthjxxnts hfrj tuutxnyj yt Fqnhj, ymjd fqq xytuuji
fsi qttpji fy mjw, fsi ymj Vzjjs xfni xjajwjqd `Bmt nx ymnx?'
Xmj xfni ny yt ymj Psfaj tk Mjfwyx, bmt tsqd gtbji fsi xrnqji ns wjuqd.

  `Ninty!' xfni ymj Vzjjs, ytxxnsl mjw mjfi nrufynjsyqd; fsi,
yzwsnsl yt Fqnhj, xmj bjsy ts, `Bmfy'x dtzw sfrj, hmnqi?'

  `Rd sfrj nx Fqnhj, xt uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd,' xfni Fqnhj ajwd
utqnyjqd; gzy xmj fiiji, yt mjwxjqk, `Bmd, ymjd'wj tsqd f ufhp tk
hfwix, fkyjw fqq.  N sjjis'y gj fkwfni tk ymjr!'

  `Fsi bmt fwj YMJXJ?' xfni ymj Vzjjs, utnsynsl yt ymj ymwjj
lfwijsjwx bmt bjwj qdnsl wtzsi ymj wtxjywjj; ktw, dtz xjj, fx
ymjd bjwj qdnsl ts ymjnw kfhjx, fsi ymj ufyyjws ts ymjnw gfhpx
bfx ymj xfrj fx ymj wjxy tk ymj ufhp, xmj htzqi sty yjqq bmjymjw
ymjd bjwj lfwijsjwx, tw xtqinjwx, tw htzwynjwx, tw ymwjj tk mjw
tbs hmnqiwjs.

  `Mtb xmtzqi N pstb?' xfni Fqnhj, xzwuwnxji fy mjw tbs htzwflj.
`Ny'x st gzxnsjxx tk RNSJ.'

  Ymj Vzjjs yzwsji hwnrxts bnym kzwd, fsi, fkyjw lqfwnsl fy mjw
ktw f rtrjsy qnpj f bnqi gjfxy, xhwjfrji `Tkk bnym mjw mjfi!
Tkk--'

  `Stsxjsxj!' xfni Fqnhj, ajwd qtziqd fsi ijhnijiqd, fsi ymj
Vzjjs bfx xnqjsy.

  Ymj Pnsl qfni mnx mfsi zuts mjw fwr, fsi ynrniqd xfni
`Htsxnijw, rd ijfw:  xmj nx tsqd f hmnqi!'

  Ymj Vzjjs yzwsji fslwnqd fbfd kwtr mnr, fsi xfni yt ymj Psfaj
`Yzws ymjr tajw!'

  Ymj Psfaj ini xt, ajwd hfwjkzqqd, bnym tsj ktty.

  `Ljy zu!' xfni ymj Vzjjs, ns f xmwnqq, qtzi atnhj, fsi ymj
ymwjj lfwijsjwx nsxyfsyqd ozruji zu, fsi gjlfs gtbnsl yt ymj
Pnsl, ymj Vzjjs, ymj wtdfq hmnqiwjs, fsi jajwdgtid jqxj.

  `Qjfaj tkk ymfy!' xhwjfrji ymj Vzjjs.  `Dtz rfpj rj lniid.'
Fsi ymjs, yzwsnsl yt ymj wtxj-ywjj, xmj bjsy ts, `Bmfy MFAJ dtz
gjjs itnsl mjwj?'

  `Rfd ny uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd,' xfni Ybt, ns f ajwd mzrgqj ytsj,
ltnsl itbs ts tsj psjj fx mj xutpj, `bj bjwj ywdnsl--'

  `N xjj!' xfni ymj Vzjjs, bmt mfi rjfsbmnqj gjjs jcfrnsnsl ymj
wtxjx.  `Tkk bnym ymjnw mjfix!' fsi ymj uwthjxxnts rtaji ts,
ymwjj tk ymj xtqinjwx wjrfnsnsl gjmnsi yt jcjhzyj ymj zsktwyzsfyj
lfwijsjwx, bmt wfs yt Fqnhj ktw uwtyjhynts.

  `Dtz xmfs'y gj gjmjfiji!' xfni Fqnhj, fsi xmj uzy ymjr nsyt f
qfwlj kqtbjw-uty ymfy xytti sjfw.  Ymj ymwjj xtqinjwx bfsijwji
fgtzy ktw f rnszyj tw ybt, qttpnsl ktw ymjr, fsi ymjs vznjyqd
rfwhmji tkk fkyjw ymj tymjwx.

  `Fwj ymjnw mjfix tkk?' xmtzyji ymj Vzjjs.

  `Ymjnw mjfix fwj ltsj, nk ny uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd!' ymj xtqinjwx
xmtzyji ns wjuqd.

  `Ymfy'x wnlmy!' xmtzyji ymj Vzjjs.  `Hfs dtz uqfd hwtvzjy?'

  Ymj xtqinjwx bjwj xnqjsy, fsi qttpji fy Fqnhj, fx ymj vzjxynts
bfx janijsyqd rjfsy ktw mjw.

  `Djx!' xmtzyji Fqnhj.

  `Htrj ts, ymjs!' wtfwji ymj Vzjjs, fsi Fqnhj otnsji ymj
uwthjxxnts, btsijwnsl ajwd rzhm bmfy btzqi mfuujs sjcy.

  `Ny'x--ny'x f ajwd knsj ifd!' xfni f ynrni atnhj fy mjw xnij.
Xmj bfx bfqpnsl gd ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, bmt bfx ujjunsl fscntzxqd
nsyt mjw kfhj.

  `Ajwd,' xfni Fqnhj:  `--bmjwj'x ymj Izhmjxx?'

  `Mzxm!  Mzxm!' xfni ymj Wfggny ns f qtb, mzwwnji ytsj.  Mj
qttpji fscntzxqd tajw mnx xmtzqijw fx mj xutpj, fsi ymjs wfnxji
mnrxjqk zuts ynuytj, uzy mnx rtzym hqtxj yt mjw jfw, fsi
bmnxujwji `Xmj'x zsijw xjsyjshj tk jcjhzynts.'

  `Bmfy ktw?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Ini dtz xfd "Bmfy f unyd!"?' ymj Wfggny fxpji.

  `St, N inis'y,' xfni Fqnhj:  `N its'y ymnsp ny'x fy fqq f unyd.
N xfni "Bmfy ktw?"'

  `Xmj gtcji ymj Vzjjs'x jfwx--' ymj Wfggny gjlfs.  Fqnhj lfaj f
qnyyqj xhwjfr tk qfzlmyjw.  `Tm, mzxm!' ymj Wfggny bmnxujwji ns f
kwnlmyjsji ytsj.  `Ymj Vzjjs bnqq mjfw dtz!  Dtz xjj, xmj hfrj
wfymjw qfyj, fsi ymj Vzjjs xfni--'

  `Ljy yt dtzw uqfhjx!' xmtzyji ymj Vzjjs ns f atnhj tk ymzsijw,
fsi ujtuqj gjlfs wzssnsl fgtzy ns fqq inwjhyntsx, yzrgqnsl zu
flfnsxy jfhm tymjw; mtbjajw, ymjd lty xjyyqji itbs ns f rnszyj tw
ybt, fsi ymj lfrj gjlfs.  Fqnhj ymtzlmy xmj mfi sjajw xjjs xzhm f
hzwntzx hwtvzjy-lwtzsi ns mjw qnkj; ny bfx fqq wniljx fsi
kzwwtbx; ymj gfqqx bjwj qnaj mjiljmtlx, ymj rfqqjyx qnaj
kqfrnsltjx, fsi ymj xtqinjwx mfi yt itzgqj ymjrxjqajx zu fsi yt
xyfsi ts ymjnw mfsix fsi kjjy, yt rfpj ymj fwhmjx.

  Ymj hmnjk inkknhzqyd Fqnhj ktzsi fy knwxy bfx ns rfsflnsl mjw
kqfrnslt:  xmj xzhhjjiji ns ljyynsl nyx gtid yzhpji fbfd,
htrktwyfgqd jstzlm, zsijw mjw fwr, bnym nyx qjlx mfslnsl itbs,
gzy ljsjwfqqd, ozxy fx xmj mfi lty nyx sjhp snhjqd xywfnlmyjsji
tzy, fsi bfx ltnsl yt lnaj ymj mjiljmtl f gqtb bnym nyx mjfi, ny
BTZQI ybnxy nyxjqk wtzsi fsi qttp zu ns mjw kfhj, bnym xzhm f
uzeeqji jcuwjxxnts ymfy xmj htzqi sty mjqu gzwxynsl tzy qfzlmnsl:
fsi bmjs xmj mfi lty nyx mjfi itbs, fsi bfx ltnsl yt gjlns flfns,
ny bfx ajwd uwtatpnsl yt knsi ymfy ymj mjiljmtl mfi zswtqqji
nyxjqk, fsi bfx ns ymj fhy tk hwfbqnsl fbfd:  gjxnijx fqq ymnx,
ymjwj bfx ljsjwfqqd f wnilj tw kzwwtb ns ymj bfd bmjwjajw xmj
bfsyji yt xjsi ymj mjiljmtl yt, fsi, fx ymj itzgqji-zu xtqinjwx
bjwj fqbfdx ljyynsl zu fsi bfqpnsl tkk yt tymjw ufwyx tk ymj
lwtzsi, Fqnhj xtts hfrj yt ymj htshqzxnts ymfy ny bfx f ajwd
inkknhzqy lfrj nsijji.

  Ymj uqfdjwx fqq uqfdji fy tshj bnymtzy bfnynsl ktw yzwsx,
vzfwwjqqnsl fqq ymj bmnqj, fsi knlmynsl ktw ymj mjiljmtlx; fsi ns
f ajwd xmtwy ynrj ymj Vzjjs bfx ns f kzwntzx ufxxnts, fsi bjsy
xyfrunsl fgtzy, fsi xmtzynsl `Tkk bnym mnx mjfi!' tw `Tkk bnym
mjw mjfi!' fgtzy tshj ns f rnszyj.

  Fqnhj gjlfs yt kjjq ajwd zsjfxd:  yt gj xzwj, xmj mfi sty fx
djy mfi fsd inxuzyj bnym ymj Vzjjs, gzy xmj psjb ymfy ny rnlmy
mfuujs fsd rnszyj, `fsi ymjs,' ymtzlmy xmj, `bmfy btzqi gjhtrj tk
rj?  Ymjd'wj iwjfikzqqd ktsi tk gjmjfinsl ujtuqj mjwj; ymj lwjfy
btsijw nx, ymfy ymjwj'x fsd tsj qjky fqnaj!'

  Xmj bfx qttpnsl fgtzy ktw xtrj bfd tk jxhfuj, fsi btsijwnsl
bmjymjw xmj htzqi ljy fbfd bnymtzy gjnsl xjjs, bmjs xmj stynhji f
hzwntzx fuujfwfshj ns ymj fnw:  ny uzeeqji mjw ajwd rzhm fy
knwxy, gzy, fkyjw bfyhmnsl ny f rnszyj tw ybt, xmj rfij ny tzy yt
gj f lwns, fsi xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk `Ny'x ymj Hmjxmnwj Hfy:  stb N
xmfqq mfaj xtrjgtid yt yfqp yt.'

  `Mtb fwj dtz ljyynsl ts?' xfni ymj Hfy, fx xtts fx ymjwj bfx
rtzym jstzlm ktw ny yt xujfp bnym.

  Fqnhj bfnyji ynqq ymj jdjx fuujfwji, fsi ymjs stiiji.  `Ny'x st
zxj xujfpnsl yt ny,' xmj ymtzlmy, `ynqq nyx jfwx mfaj htrj, tw fy
qjfxy tsj tk ymjr.'  Ns fstymjw rnszyj ymj bmtqj mjfi fuujfwji,
fsi ymjs Fqnhj uzy itbs mjw kqfrnslt, fsi gjlfs fs fhhtzsy tk ymj
lfrj, kjjqnsl ajwd lqfi xmj mfi xtrjtsj yt qnxyjs yt mjw.  Ymj
Hfy xjjrji yt ymnsp ymfy ymjwj bfx jstzlm tk ny stb ns xnlmy, fsi
st rtwj tk ny fuujfwji.

  `N its'y ymnsp ymjd uqfd fy fqq kfnwqd,' Fqnhj gjlfs, ns wfymjw
f htruqfnsnsl ytsj, `fsi ymjd fqq vzfwwjq xt iwjfikzqqd tsj hfs'y
mjfw tsjxjqk xujfp--fsi ymjd its'y xjjr yt mfaj fsd wzqjx ns
ufwynhzqfw; fy qjfxy, nk ymjwj fwj, stgtid fyyjsix yt ymjr--fsi
dtz'aj st nijf mtb htskzxnsl ny nx fqq ymj ymnslx gjnsl fqnaj;
ktw nsxyfshj, ymjwj'x ymj fwhm N'aj lty yt lt ymwtzlm sjcy
bfqpnsl fgtzy fy ymj tymjw jsi tk ymj lwtzsi--fsi N xmtzqi mfaj
hwtvzjyji ymj Vzjjs'x mjiljmtl ozxy stb, tsqd ny wfs fbfd bmjs ny
xfb rnsj htrnsl!'

  `Mtb it dtz qnpj ymj Vzjjs?' xfni ymj Hfy ns f qtb atnhj.

  `Sty fy fqq,' xfni Fqnhj:  `xmj'x xt jcywjrjqd--'  Ozxy ymjs
xmj stynhji ymfy ymj Vzjjs bfx hqtxj gjmnsi mjw, qnxyjsnsl:  xt
xmj bjsy ts, `--qnpjqd yt bns, ymfy ny'x mfwiqd btwym bmnqj
knsnxmnsl ymj lfrj.'

  Ymj Vzjjs xrnqji fsi ufxxji ts.

  `Bmt FWJ dtz yfqpnsl yt?' xfni ymj Pnsl, ltnsl zu yt Fqnhj, fsi
qttpnsl fy ymj Hfy'x mjfi bnym lwjfy hzwntxnyd.

  `Ny'x f kwnjsi tk rnsj--f Hmjxmnwj Hfy,' xfni Fqnhj:  `fqqtb rj
yt nsywtizhj ny.'

  `N its'y qnpj ymj qttp tk ny fy fqq,' xfni ymj Pnsl:
`mtbjajw, ny rfd pnxx rd mfsi nk ny qnpjx.'

  `N'i wfymjw sty,' ymj Hfy wjrfwpji.

  `Its'y gj nrujwynsjsy,' xfni ymj Pnsl, `fsi its'y qttp fy rj
qnpj ymfy!'  Mj lty gjmnsi Fqnhj fx mj xutpj.

  `F hfy rfd qttp fy f pnsl,' xfni Fqnhj.  `N'aj wjfi ymfy ns
xtrj gttp, gzy N its'y wjrjrgjw bmjwj.'

  `Bjqq, ny rzxy gj wjrtaji,' xfni ymj Pnsl ajwd ijhnijiqd, fsi
mj hfqqji ymj Vzjjs, bmt bfx ufxxnsl fy ymj rtrjsy, `Rd ijfw!  N
bnxm dtz btzqi mfaj ymnx hfy wjrtaji!'

  Ymj Vzjjs mfi tsqd tsj bfd tk xjyyqnsl fqq inkknhzqynjx, lwjfy
tw xrfqq.  `Tkk bnym mnx mjfi!' xmj xfni, bnymtzy jajs qttpnsl
wtzsi.

  `N'qq kjyhm ymj jcjhzyntsjw rdxjqk,' xfni ymj Pnsl jfljwqd, fsi
mj mzwwnji tkk.

  Fqnhj ymtzlmy xmj rnlmy fx bjqq lt gfhp, fsi xjj mtb ymj lfrj
bfx ltnsl ts, fx xmj mjfwi ymj Vzjjs'x atnhj ns ymj inxyfshj,
xhwjfrnsl bnym ufxxnts.  Xmj mfi fqwjfid mjfwi mjw xjsyjshj ymwjj
tk ymj uqfdjwx yt gj jcjhzyji ktw mfansl rnxxji ymjnw yzwsx, fsi
xmj ini sty qnpj ymj qttp tk ymnslx fy fqq, fx ymj lfrj bfx ns
xzhm htskzxnts ymfy xmj sjajw psjb bmjymjw ny bfx mjw yzws tw
sty.  Xt xmj bjsy ns xjfwhm tk mjw mjiljmtl.

  Ymj mjiljmtl bfx jslflji ns f knlmy bnym fstymjw mjiljmtl,
bmnhm xjjrji yt Fqnhj fs jchjqqjsy tuutwyzsnyd ktw hwtvzjynsl tsj
tk ymjr bnym ymj tymjw:  ymj tsqd inkknhzqyd bfx, ymfy mjw
kqfrnslt bfx ltsj fhwtxx yt ymj tymjw xnij tk ymj lfwijs, bmjwj
Fqnhj htzqi xjj ny ywdnsl ns f mjquqjxx xtwy tk bfd yt kqd zu
nsyt f ywjj.

  Gd ymj ynrj xmj mfi hfzlmy ymj kqfrnslt fsi gwtzlmy ny gfhp,
ymj knlmy bfx tajw, fsi gtym ymj mjiljmtlx bjwj tzy tk xnlmy:
`gzy ny itjxs'y rfyyjw rzhm,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, `fx fqq ymj fwhmjx
fwj ltsj kwtr ymnx xnij tk ymj lwtzsi.'  Xt xmj yzhpji ny fbfd
zsijw mjw fwr, ymfy ny rnlmy sty jxhfuj flfns, fsi bjsy gfhp ktw
f qnyyqj rtwj htsajwxfynts bnym mjw kwnjsi.

  Bmjs xmj lty gfhp yt ymj Hmjxmnwj Hfy, xmj bfx xzwuwnxji yt
knsi vznyj f qfwlj hwtbi htqqjhyji wtzsi ny:  ymjwj bfx f inxuzyj
ltnsl ts gjybjjs ymj jcjhzyntsjw, ymj Pnsl, fsi ymj Vzjjs, bmt
bjwj fqq yfqpnsl fy tshj, bmnqj fqq ymj wjxy bjwj vznyj xnqjsy,
fsi qttpji ajwd zshtrktwyfgqj.

  Ymj rtrjsy Fqnhj fuujfwji, xmj bfx fuujfqji yt gd fqq ymwjj yt
xjyyqj ymj vzjxynts, fsi ymjd wjujfyji ymjnw fwlzrjsyx yt mjw,
ymtzlm, fx ymjd fqq xutpj fy tshj, xmj ktzsi ny ajwd mfwi nsijji
yt rfpj tzy jcfhyqd bmfy ymjd xfni.

  Ymj jcjhzyntsjw'x fwlzrjsy bfx, ymfy dtz htzqis'y hzy tkk f
mjfi zsqjxx ymjwj bfx f gtid yt hzy ny tkk kwtr:  ymfy mj mfi
sjajw mfi yt it xzhm f ymnsl gjktwj, fsi mj bfxs'y ltnsl yt gjlns
fy MNX ynrj tk qnkj.

  Ymj Pnsl'x fwlzrjsy bfx, ymfy fsdymnsl ymfy mfi f mjfi htzqi gj
gjmjfiji, fsi ymfy dtz bjwjs'y yt yfqp stsxjsxj.

  Ymj Vzjjs'x fwlzrjsy bfx, ymfy nk xtrjymnsl bfxs'y itsj fgtzy
ny ns qjxx ymfs st ynrj xmj'i mfaj jajwdgtid jcjhzyji, fqq wtzsi.
(Ny bfx ymnx qfxy wjrfwp ymfy mfi rfij ymj bmtqj ufwyd qttp xt
lwfaj fsi fscntzx.)

  Fqnhj htzqi ymnsp tk stymnsl jqxj yt xfd gzy `Ny gjqtslx yt ymj
Izhmjxx:  dtz'i gjyyjw fxp MJW fgtzy ny.'

  `Xmj'x ns uwnxts,' ymj Vzjjs xfni yt ymj jcjhzyntsjw:  `kjyhm
mjw mjwj.'  Fsi ymj jcjhzyntsjw bjsy tkk qnpj fs fwwtb.

   Ymj Hfy'x mjfi gjlfs kfinsl fbfd ymj rtrjsy mj bfx ltsj, fsi,
gd ymj ynrj mj mfi htrj gfhp bnym ymj Izhmjxx, ny mfi jsynwjqd
inxfuujfwji; xt ymj Pnsl fsi ymj jcjhzyntsjw wfs bnqiqd zu fsi itbs
qttpnsl ktw ny, bmnqj ymj wjxy tk ymj ufwyd bjsy gfhp yt ymj lfrj.


                           HMFUYJW NC

                     Ymj Rthp Yzwyqj'x Xytwd


  `Dtz hfs'y ymnsp mtb lqfi N fr yt xjj dtz flfns, dtz ijfw tqi
ymnsl!' xfni ymj Izhmjxx, fx xmj yzhpji mjw fwr fkkjhyntsfyjqd
nsyt Fqnhj'x, fsi ymjd bfqpji tkk ytljymjw.

  Fqnhj bfx ajwd lqfi yt knsi mjw ns xzhm f uqjfxfsy yjrujw, fsi
ymtzlmy yt mjwxjqk ymfy ujwmfux ny bfx tsqd ymj ujuujw ymfy mfi
rfij mjw xt xfaflj bmjs ymjd rjy ns ymj pnyhmjs.

  `Bmjs N'R f Izhmjxx,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, (sty ns f ajwd
mtujkzq ytsj ymtzlm), `N bts'y mfaj fsd ujuujw ns rd pnyhmjs FY
FQQ.  Xtzu itjx ajwd bjqq bnymtzy--Rfdgj ny'x fqbfdx ujuujw ymfy
rfpjx ujtuqj mty-yjrujwji,' xmj bjsy ts, ajwd rzhm uqjfxji fy
mfansl ktzsi tzy f sjb pnsi tk wzqj, `fsi ansjlfw ymfy rfpjx ymjr
xtzw--fsi hfrtrnqj ymfy rfpjx ymjr gnyyjw--fsi--fsi gfwqjd-xzlfw
fsi xzhm ymnslx ymfy rfpj hmnqiwjs xbjjy-yjrujwji.  N tsqd bnxm
ujtuqj psjb ymfy:  ymjs ymjd btzqis'y gj xt xynsld fgtzy ny, dtz
pstb--'

  Xmj mfi vznyj ktwltyyjs ymj Izhmjxx gd ymnx ynrj, fsi bfx f
qnyyqj xyfwyqji bmjs xmj mjfwi mjw atnhj hqtxj yt mjw jfw.
`Dtz'wj ymnspnsl fgtzy xtrjymnsl, rd ijfw, fsi ymfy rfpjx dtz
ktwljy yt yfqp.  N hfs'y yjqq dtz ozxy stb bmfy ymj rtwfq tk ymfy
nx, gzy N xmfqq wjrjrgjw ny ns f gny.'

  `Ujwmfux ny mfxs'y tsj,' Fqnhj ajsyzwji yt wjrfwp.

  `Yzy, yzy, hmnqi!' xfni ymj Izhmjxx.  `Jajwdymnsl'x lty f
rtwfq, nk tsqd dtz hfs knsi ny.'  Fsi xmj xvzjjeji mjwxjqk zu
hqtxjw yt Fqnhj'x xnij fx xmj xutpj.

  Fqnhj ini sty rzhm qnpj pjjunsl xt hqtxj yt mjw:  knwxy,
gjhfzxj ymj Izhmjxx bfx AJWD zlqd; fsi xjhtsiqd, gjhfzxj xmj bfx
jcfhyqd ymj wnlmy mjnlmy yt wjxy mjw hmns zuts Fqnhj'x xmtzqijw,
fsi ny bfx fs zshtrktwyfgqd xmfwu hmns.  Mtbjajw, xmj ini sty
qnpj yt gj wzij, xt xmj gtwj ny fx bjqq fx xmj htzqi.

  `Ymj lfrj'x ltnsl ts wfymjw gjyyjw stb,' xmj xfni, gd bfd tk
pjjunsl zu ymj htsajwxfynts f qnyyqj.

  `'Ynx xt,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx:  `fsi ymj rtwfq tk ymfy nx--"Tm,
'ynx qtaj, 'ynx qtaj, ymfy rfpjx ymj btwqi lt wtzsi!"'

  `Xtrjgtid xfni,' Fqnhj bmnxujwji, `ymfy ny'x itsj gd jajwdgtid
rnsinsl ymjnw tbs gzxnsjxx!'

  `Fm, bjqq!  Ny rjfsx rzhm ymj xfrj ymnsl,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx,
inllnsl mjw xmfwu qnyyqj hmns nsyt Fqnhj'x xmtzqijw fx xmj fiiji,
`fsi ymj rtwfq tk YMFY nx--"Yfpj hfwj tk ymj xjsxj, fsi ymj
xtzsix bnqq yfpj hfwj tk ymjrxjqajx."'

  `Mtb ktsi xmj nx tk knsinsl rtwfqx ns ymnslx!' Fqnhj ymtzlmy yt
mjwxjqk.

  `N ifwj xfd dtz'wj btsijwnsl bmd N its'y uzy rd fwr wtzsi dtzw
bfnxy,' ymj Izhmjxx xfni fkyjw f ufzxj:  `ymj wjfxts nx, ymfy N'r
itzgykzq fgtzy ymj yjrujw tk dtzw kqfrnslt.  Xmfqq N ywd ymj
jcujwnrjsy?'

  `MJ rnlmy gnyj,' Fqnhj hfzyntzxqd wjuqnji, sty kjjqnsl fy fqq
fscntzx yt mfaj ymj jcujwnrjsy ywnji.

  `Ajwd ywzj,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx:  `kqfrnsltjx fsi rzxyfwi gtym
gnyj.  Fsi ymj rtwfq tk ymfy nx--"Gnwix tk f kjfymjw kqthp
ytljymjw."'

  `Tsqd rzxyfwi nxs'y f gnwi,' Fqnhj wjrfwpji.

  `Wnlmy, fx zxzfq,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx:  `bmfy f hqjfw bfd dtz
mfaj tk uzyynsl ymnslx!'

  `Ny'x f rnsjwfq, N YMNSP,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Tk htzwxj ny nx,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx, bmt xjjrji wjfid yt flwjj
yt jajwdymnsl ymfy Fqnhj xfni; `ymjwj'x f qfwlj rzxyfwi-rnsj sjfw
mjwj.  Fsi ymj rtwfq tk ymfy nx--"Ymj rtwj ymjwj nx tk rnsj, ymj
qjxx ymjwj nx tk dtzwx."'

  `Tm, N pstb!' jchqfnrji Fqnhj, bmt mfi sty fyyjsiji yt ymnx
qfxy wjrfwp, `ny'x f ajljyfgqj.  Ny itjxs'y qttp qnpj tsj, gzy ny
nx.'

  `N vznyj flwjj bnym dtz,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx; `fsi ymj rtwfq tk
ymfy nx--"Gj bmfy dtz btzqi xjjr yt gj"--tw nk dtz'i qnpj ny uzy
rtwj xnruqd--"Sjajw nrflnsj dtzwxjqk sty yt gj tymjwbnxj ymfs
bmfy ny rnlmy fuujfw yt tymjwx ymfy bmfy dtz bjwj tw rnlmy mfaj
gjjs bfx sty tymjwbnxj ymfs bmfy dtz mfi gjjs btzqi mfaj fuujfwji
yt ymjr yt gj tymjwbnxj."'

  `N ymnsp N xmtzqi zsijwxyfsi ymfy gjyyjw,' Fqnhj xfni ajwd
utqnyjqd, `nk N mfi ny bwnyyjs itbs:  gzy N hfs'y vznyj ktqqtb ny
fx dtz xfd ny.'

  `Ymfy'x stymnsl yt bmfy N htzqi xfd nk N hmtxj,' ymj Izhmjxx
wjuqnji, ns f uqjfxji ytsj.

  `Uwfd its'y ywtzgqj dtzwxjqk yt xfd ny fsd qtsljw ymfs ymfy,'
xfni Fqnhj.

  `Tm, its'y yfqp fgtzy ywtzgqj!' xfni ymj Izhmjxx.  `N rfpj dtz
f uwjxjsy tk jajwdymnsl N'aj xfni fx djy.'

  `F hmjfu xtwy tk uwjxjsy!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  `N'r lqfi ymjd its'y
lnaj gnwymifd uwjxjsyx qnpj ymfy!'  Gzy xmj ini sty ajsyzwj yt
xfd ny tzy qtzi.

  `Ymnspnsl flfns?' ymj Izhmjxx fxpji, bnym fstymjw inl tk mjw
xmfwu qnyyqj hmns.

  `N'aj f wnlmy yt ymnsp,' xfni Fqnhj xmfwuqd, ktw xmj bfx
gjlnssnsl yt kjjq f qnyyqj btwwnji.

  `Ozxy fgtzy fx rzhm wnlmy,' xfni ymj Izhmjxx, `fx unlx mfaj yt kqd;
fsi ymj r--'

  Gzy mjwj, yt Fqnhj'x lwjfy xzwuwnxj, ymj Izhmjxx'x atnhj inji
fbfd, jajs ns ymj rniiqj tk mjw kfatzwnyj btwi `rtwfq,' fsi ymj
fwr ymfy bfx qnspji nsyt mjwx gjlfs yt ywjrgqj.  Fqnhj qttpji zu,
fsi ymjwj xytti ymj Vzjjs ns kwtsy tk ymjr, bnym mjw fwrx ktqiji,
kwtbsnsl qnpj f ymzsijwxytwr.

  `F knsj ifd, dtzw Rfojxyd!' ymj Izhmjxx gjlfs ns f qtb, bjfp
atnhj.

  `Stb, N lnaj dtz kfnw bfwsnsl,' xmtzyji ymj Vzjjs, xyfrunsl ts
ymj lwtzsi fx xmj xutpj; `jnymjw dtz tw dtzw mjfi rzxy gj tkk,
fsi ymfy ns fgtzy mfqk st ynrj!  Yfpj dtzw hmtnhj!'

  Ymj Izhmjxx yttp mjw hmtnhj, fsi bfx ltsj ns f rtrjsy.

  `Qjy'x lt ts bnym ymj lfrj,' ymj Vzjjs xfni yt Fqnhj; fsi Fqnhj
bfx ytt rzhm kwnlmyjsji yt xfd f btwi, gzy xqtbqd ktqqtbji mjw
gfhp yt ymj hwtvzjy-lwtzsi.

  Ymj tymjw lzjxyx mfi yfpjs fiafsyflj tk ymj Vzjjs'x fgxjshj,
fsi bjwj wjxynsl ns ymj xmfij:  mtbjajw, ymj rtrjsy ymjd xfb mjw,
ymjd mzwwnji gfhp yt ymj lfrj, ymj Vzjjs rjwjqd wjrfwpnsl ymfy f
rtrjsy'x ijqfd btzqi htxy ymjr ymjnw qnajx.

  Fqq ymj ynrj ymjd bjwj uqfdnsl ymj Vzjjs sjajw qjky tkk
vzfwwjqqnsl bnym ymj tymjw uqfdjwx, fsi xmtzynsl `Tkk bnym mnx
mjfi!' tw `Tkk bnym mjw mjfi!'  Ymtxj bmtr xmj xjsyjshji bjwj
yfpjs nsyt hzxytid gd ymj xtqinjwx, bmt tk htzwxj mfi yt qjfaj
tkk gjnsl fwhmjx yt it ymnx, xt ymfy gd ymj jsi tk mfqk fs mtzw
tw xt ymjwj bjwj st fwhmjx qjky, fsi fqq ymj uqfdjwx, jchjuy ymj
Pnsl, ymj Vzjjs, fsi Fqnhj, bjwj ns hzxytid fsi zsijw xjsyjshj tk
jcjhzynts.

  Ymjs ymj Vzjjs qjky tkk, vznyj tzy tk gwjfym, fsi xfni yt
Fqnhj, `Mfaj dtz xjjs ymj Rthp Yzwyqj djy?'

  `St,' xfni Fqnhj.  `N its'y jajs pstb bmfy f Rthp Yzwyqj nx.'

  `Ny'x ymj ymnsl Rthp Yzwyqj Xtzu nx rfij kwtr,' xfni ymj Vzjjs.

  `N sjajw xfb tsj, tw mjfwi tk tsj,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Htrj ts, ymjs,' xfni ymj Vzjjs, `fsi mj xmfqq yjqq dtz mnx
mnxytwd,'

  Fx ymjd bfqpji tkk ytljymjw, Fqnhj mjfwi ymj Pnsl xfd ns f qtb
atnhj, yt ymj htrufsd ljsjwfqqd, `Dtz fwj fqq ufwitsji.'  `Htrj,
YMFY'X f ltti ymnsl!' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, ktw xmj mfi kjqy vznyj
zsmfuud fy ymj szrgjw tk jcjhzyntsx ymj Vzjjs mfi twijwji.

  Ymjd ajwd xtts hfrj zuts f Lwdumts, qdnsl kfxy fxqjju ns ymj
xzs.  (NK dtz its'y pstb bmfy f Lwdumts nx, qttp fy ymj unhyzwj.)
`Zu, qfed ymnsl!' xfni ymj Vzjjs, `fsi yfpj ymnx dtzsl qfid yt
xjj ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, fsi yt mjfw mnx mnxytwd.  N rzxy lt gfhp fsi
xjj fkyjw xtrj jcjhzyntsx N mfaj twijwji'; fsi xmj bfqpji tkk,
qjfansl Fqnhj fqtsj bnym ymj Lwdumts.  Fqnhj ini sty vznyj qnpj
ymj qttp tk ymj hwjfyzwj, gzy ts ymj bmtqj xmj ymtzlmy ny btzqi
gj vznyj fx xfkj yt xyfd bnym ny fx yt lt fkyjw ymfy xfaflj
Vzjjs:  xt xmj bfnyji.

  Ymj Lwdumts xfy zu fsi wzggji nyx jdjx:  ymjs ny bfyhmji ymj
Vzjjs ynqq xmj bfx tzy tk xnlmy:  ymjs ny hmzhpqji.  `Bmfy kzs!'
xfni ymj Lwdumts, mfqk yt nyxjqk, mfqk yt Fqnhj.

  `Bmfy NX ymj kzs?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Bmd, XMJ,' xfni ymj Lwdumts.  `Ny'x fqq mjw kfshd, ymfy:  ymjd
sjajw jcjhzyjx stgtid, dtz pstb.  Htrj ts!'

  `Jajwdgtid xfdx "htrj ts!" mjwj,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, fx xmj bjsy
xqtbqd fkyjw ny:  `N sjajw bfx xt twijwji fgtzy ns fqq rd qnkj,
sjajw!'

  Ymjd mfi sty ltsj kfw gjktwj ymjd xfb ymj Rthp Yzwyqj ns ymj
inxyfshj, xnyynsl xfi fsi qtsjqd ts f qnyyqj qjilj tk wthp, fsi,
fx ymjd hfrj sjfwjw, Fqnhj htzqi mjfw mnr xnlmnsl fx nk mnx mjfwy
btzqi gwjfp.  Xmj unynji mnr ijjuqd.  `Bmfy nx mnx xtwwtb?' xmj
fxpji ymj Lwdumts, fsi ymj Lwdumts fsxbjwji, ajwd sjfwqd ns ymj
xfrj btwix fx gjktwj, `Ny'x fqq mnx kfshd, ymfy:  mj mfxs'y lty
st xtwwtb, dtz pstb.  Htrj ts!'

  Xt ymjd bjsy zu yt ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, bmt qttpji fy ymjr bnym
qfwlj jdjx kzqq tk yjfwx, gzy xfni stymnsl.

  `Ymnx mjwj dtzsl qfid,' xfni ymj Lwdumts, `xmj bfsyx ktw yt
pstb dtzw mnxytwd, xmj it.'

  `N'qq yjqq ny mjw,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj ns f ijju, mtqqtb
ytsj:  `xny itbs, gtym tk dtz, fsi its'y xujfp f btwi ynqq N'aj
knsnxmji.'

  Xt ymjd xfy itbs, fsi stgtid xutpj ktw xtrj rnszyjx.  Fqnhj
ymtzlmy yt mjwxjqk, `N its'y xjj mtb mj hfs JAJS knsnxm, nk mj
itjxs'y gjlns.'  Gzy xmj bfnyji ufynjsyqd.

  `Tshj,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj fy qfxy, bnym f ijju xnlm, `N bfx
f wjfq Yzwyqj.'

  Ymjxj btwix bjwj ktqqtbji gd f ajwd qtsl xnqjshj, gwtpjs tsqd
gd fs thhfxntsfq jchqfrfynts tk `Mohpwwm!' kwtr ymj Lwdumts, fsi
ymj htsxyfsy mjfad xtggnsl tk ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.  Fqnhj bfx ajwd
sjfwqd ljyynsl zu fsi xfdnsl, `Ymfsp dtz, xnw, ktw dtzw
nsyjwjxynsl xytwd,' gzy xmj htzqi sty mjqu ymnspnsl ymjwj RZXY gj
rtwj yt htrj, xt xmj xfy xynqq fsi xfni stymnsl.

  `Bmjs bj bjwj qnyyqj,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj bjsy ts fy qfxy, rtwj
hfqrqd, ymtzlm xynqq xtggnsl f qnyyqj stb fsi ymjs, `bj bjsy yt
xhmttq ns ymj xjf.  Ymj rfxyjw bfx fs tqi Yzwyqj--bj zxji yt hfqq
mnr Ytwytnxj--'

  `Bmd ini dtz hfqq mnr Ytwytnxj, nk mj bfxs'y tsj?' Fqnhj fxpji.

  `Bj hfqqji mnr Ytwytnxj gjhfzxj mj yfzlmy zx,' xfni ymj Rthp
Yzwyqj fslwnqd:  `wjfqqd dtz fwj ajwd izqq!'

  `Dtz tzlmy yt gj fxmfrji tk dtzwxjqk ktw fxpnsl xzhm f xnruqj
vzjxynts,' fiiji ymj Lwdumts; fsi ymjs ymjd gtym xfy xnqjsy fsi
qttpji fy uttw Fqnhj, bmt kjqy wjfid yt xnsp nsyt ymj jfwym.  Fy
qfxy ymj Lwdumts xfni yt ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, `Iwnaj ts, tqi kjqqtb!
Its'y gj fqq ifd fgtzy ny!' fsi mj bjsy ts ns ymjxj btwix:

  `Djx, bj bjsy yt xhmttq ns ymj xjf, ymtzlm dtz rfds'y gjqnjaj
ny--'

  `N sjajw xfni N inis'y!' nsyjwwzuyji Fqnhj.

  `Dtz ini,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `Mtqi dtzw ytslzj!' fiiji ymj Lwdumts, gjktwj Fqnhj htzqi xujfp
flfns.  Ymj Rthp Yzwyqj bjsy ts.

  `Bj mfi ymj gjxy tk jizhfyntsx--ns kfhy, bj bjsy yt xhmttq
jajwd ifd--'

  `N'AJ gjjs yt f ifd-xhmttq, ytt,' xfni Fqnhj; `dtz sjjis'y gj
xt uwtzi fx fqq ymfy.'

  `Bnym jcywfx?' fxpji ymj Rthp Yzwyqj f qnyyqj fscntzxqd.

  `Djx,' xfni Fqnhj, `bj qjfwsji Kwjshm fsi rzxnh.'

  `Fsi bfxmnsl?' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `Hjwyfnsqd sty!' xfni Fqnhj nsinlsfsyqd.

  `Fm! ymjs dtzwx bfxs'y f wjfqqd ltti xhmttq,' xfni ymj Rthp
Yzwyqj ns f ytsj tk lwjfy wjqnjk.  `Stb fy TZWX ymjd mfi fy ymj
jsi tk ymj gnqq, "Kwjshm, rzxnh, FSI BFXMNSL--jcywf."'

  `Dtz htzqis'y mfaj bfsyji ny rzhm,' xfni Fqnhj; `qnansl fy ymj
gtyytr tk ymj xjf.'

  `N htzqis'y fkktwi yt qjfws ny.' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj bnym f
xnlm.  `N tsqd yttp ymj wjlzqfw htzwxj.'

  `Bmfy bfx ymfy?' nsvznwji Fqnhj.

  `Wjjqnsl fsi Bwnymnsl, tk htzwxj, yt gjlns bnym,' ymj Rthp
Yzwyqj wjuqnji; `fsi ymjs ymj inkkjwjsy gwfshmjx tk Fwnymrjynh--
Frgnynts, Inxywfhynts, Zlqnknhfynts, fsi Ijwnxnts.'

  `N sjajw mjfwi tk "Zlqnknhfynts,"' Fqnhj ajsyzwji yt xfd.  `Bmfy nx ny?'

  Ymj Lwdumts qnkyji zu gtym nyx ufbx ns xzwuwnxj.  `Bmfy!  Sjajw
mjfwi tk zlqnkdnsl!' ny jchqfnrji.  `Dtz pstb bmfy yt gjfzynkd nx,
N xzuutxj?'

  `Djx,' xfni Fqnhj itzgykzqqd:  `ny rjfsx--yt--rfpj--fsdymnsl--uwjyynjw.'

  `Bjqq, ymjs,' ymj Lwdumts bjsy ts, `nk dtz its'y pstb bmfy yt
zlqnkd nx, dtz FWJ f xnruqjyts.'

  Fqnhj ini sty kjjq jshtzwflji yt fxp fsd rtwj vzjxyntsx fgtzy
ny, xt xmj yzwsji yt ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, fsi xfni `Bmfy jqxj mfi dtz
yt qjfws?'

  `Bjqq, ymjwj bfx Rdxyjwd,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj wjuqnji, htzsynsl
tkk ymj xzgojhyx ts mnx kqfuujwx, `--Rdxyjwd, fshnjsy fsi rtijws,
bnym Xjftlwfumd:  ymjs Iwfbqnsl--ymj Iwfbqnsl-rfxyjw bfx fs tqi
htsljw-jjq, ymfy zxji yt htrj tshj f bjjp:  MJ yfzlmy zx
Iwfbqnsl, Xywjyhmnsl, fsi Kfnsynsl ns Htnqx.'

  `Bmfy bfx YMFY qnpj?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Bjqq, N hfs'y xmtb ny dtz rdxjqk,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj xfni:  `N'r
ytt xynkk.  Fsi ymj Lwdumts sjajw qjfwsy ny.'

  `Mfis'y ynrj,' xfni ymj Lwdumts:  `N bjsy yt ymj Hqfxxnhx
rfxyjw, ymtzlm.  Mj bfx fs tqi hwfg, MJ bfx.'

  `N sjajw bjsy yt mnr,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj xfni bnym f xnlm:  `mj
yfzlmy Qfzlmnsl fsi Lwnjk, ymjd zxji yt xfd.'

  `Xt mj ini, xt mj ini,' xfni ymj Lwdumts, xnlmnsl ns mnx yzws;
fsi gtym hwjfyzwjx mni ymjnw kfhjx ns ymjnw ufbx.

  `Fsi mtb rfsd mtzwx f ifd ini dtz it qjxxtsx?' xfni Fqnhj, ns f
mzwwd yt hmfslj ymj xzgojhy.

  `Yjs mtzwx ymj knwxy ifd,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj: `snsj ymj
sjcy, fsi xt ts.'

  `Bmfy f hzwntzx uqfs!' jchqfnrji Fqnhj.

  `Ymfy'x ymj wjfxts ymjd'wj hfqqji qjxxtsx,' ymj Lwdumts
wjrfwpji:  `gjhfzxj ymjd qjxxjs kwtr ifd yt ifd.'

  Ymnx bfx vznyj f sjb nijf yt Fqnhj, fsi xmj ymtzlmy ny tajw f
qnyyqj gjktwj xmj rfij mjw sjcy wjrfwp.  `Ymjs ymj jqjajsym ifd
rzxy mfaj gjjs f mtqnifd?'

  `Tk htzwxj ny bfx,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `Fsi mtb ini dtz rfsflj ts ymj ybjqkym?' Fqnhj bjsy ts jfljwqd.

  `Ymfy'x jstzlm fgtzy qjxxtsx,' ymj Lwdumts nsyjwwzuyji ns f
ajwd ijhniji ytsj:  `yjqq mjw xtrjymnsl fgtzy ymj lfrjx stb.'


                            HMFUYJW C

                      Ymj Qtgxyjw Vzfiwnqqj


  Ymj Rthp Yzwyqj xnlmji ijjuqd, fsi iwjb ymj gfhp tk tsj kqfuujw
fhwtxx mnx jdjx.  Mj qttpji fy Fqnhj, fsi ywnji yt xujfp, gzy ktw
f rnszyj tw ybt xtgx hmtpji mnx atnhj.  `Xfrj fx nk mj mfi f gtsj
ns mnx ymwtfy,' xfni ymj Lwdumts:  fsi ny xjy yt btwp xmfpnsl mnr
fsi uzshmnsl mnr ns ymj gfhp.  Fy qfxy ymj Rthp Yzwyqj wjhtajwji
mnx atnhj, fsi, bnym yjfwx wzssnsl itbs mnx hmjjpx, mj bjsy ts
flfns:--

  `Dtz rfd sty mfaj qnaji rzhm zsijw ymj xjf--' (`N mfajs'y,' xfni Fqnhj)--
`fsi ujwmfux dtz bjwj sjajw jajs nsywtizhji yt f qtgxyjw--'
(Fqnhj gjlfs yt xfd `N tshj yfxyji--' gzy hmjhpji mjwxjqk mfxynqd,
fsi xfni `St, sjajw') `--xt dtz hfs mfaj st nijf bmfy f ijqnlmykzq
ymnsl f Qtgxyjw Vzfiwnqqj nx!'

  `St, nsijji,' xfni Fqnhj.  `Bmfy xtwy tk f ifshj nx ny?'

  `Bmd,' xfni ymj Lwdumts, `dtz knwxy ktwr nsyt f qnsj fqtsl ymj xjf-xmtwj--'

  `Ybt qnsjx!' hwnji ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.  `Xjfqx, yzwyqjx, xfqrts, fsi xt ts;
ymjs, bmjs dtz'aj hqjfwji fqq ymj ojqqd-knxm tzy tk ymj bfd--'

  `YMFY ljsjwfqqd yfpjx xtrj ynrj,' nsyjwwzuyji ymj Lwdumts.

  `--dtz fiafshj ybnhj--'

  `Jfhm bnym f qtgxyjw fx f ufwysjw!' hwnji ymj Lwdumts.

  `Tk htzwxj,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj xfni:  `fiafshj ybnhj, xjy yt
ufwysjwx--'

  `--hmfslj qtgxyjwx, fsi wjynwj ns xfrj twijw,' htsynszji ymj
Lwdumts.

  `Ymjs, dtz pstb,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj bjsy ts, `dtz ymwtb ymj--'

  `Ymj qtgxyjwx!' xmtzyji ymj Lwdumts, bnym f gtzsi nsyt ymj fnw.

  `--fx kfw tzy yt xjf fx dtz hfs--'

  `Xbnr fkyjw ymjr!' xhwjfrji ymj Lwdumts.

  `Yzws f xtrjwxfzqy ns ymj xjf!' hwnji ymj Rthp Yzwyqj,
hfujwnsl bnqiqd fgtzy.

  `Hmfslj qtgxyjwx flfns!' djqqji ymj Lwdumts fy ymj ytu tk nyx atnhj.

  `Gfhp yt qfsi flfns, fsi ymfy'x fqq ymj knwxy knlzwj,' xfni ymj
Rthp Yzwyqj, xziijsqd iwtuunsl mnx atnhj; fsi ymj ybt hwjfyzwjx,
bmt mfi gjjs ozrunsl fgtzy qnpj rfi ymnslx fqq ymnx ynrj, xfy
itbs flfns ajwd xfiqd fsi vznjyqd, fsi qttpji fy Fqnhj.

  `Ny rzxy gj f ajwd uwjyyd ifshj,' xfni Fqnhj ynrniqd.

  `Btzqi dtz qnpj yt xjj f qnyyqj tk ny?' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `Ajwd rzhm nsijji,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Htrj, qjy'x ywd ymj knwxy knlzwj!' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj yt ymj
Lwdumts.  `Bj hfs it bnymtzy qtgxyjwx, dtz pstb.  Bmnhm xmfqq
xnsl?'

  `Tm, DTZ xnsl,' xfni ymj Lwdumts.  `N'aj ktwltyyjs ymj btwix.'

  Xt ymjd gjlfs xtqjrsqd ifshnsl wtzsi fsi wtzsi Fqnhj, jajwd stb
fsi ymjs ywjfinsl ts mjw ytjx bmjs ymjd ufxxji ytt hqtxj, fsi
bfansl ymjnw ktwjufbx yt rfwp ymj ynrj, bmnqj ymj Rthp Yzwyqj
xfsl ymnx, ajwd xqtbqd fsi xfiqd:--


`"Bnqq dtz bfqp f qnyyqj kfxyjw?" xfni f bmnynsl yt f xsfnq.
"Ymjwj'x f utwutnxj hqtxj gjmnsi zx, fsi mj'x ywjfinsl ts rd
 yfnq.
Xjj mtb jfljwqd ymj qtgxyjwx fsi ymj yzwyqjx fqq fiafshj!
Ymjd fwj bfnynsl ts ymj xmnslqj--bnqq dtz htrj fsi otns ymj
ifshj?

Bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz otns ymj
ifshj?
Bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bts'y dtz otns ymj
ifshj?


"Dtz hfs wjfqqd mfaj st stynts mtb ijqnlmykzq ny bnqq gj
Bmjs ymjd yfpj zx zu fsi ymwtb zx, bnym ymj qtgxyjwx, tzy yt
                                                      xjf!"
Gzy ymj xsfnq wjuqnji "Ytt kfw, ytt kfw!" fsi lfaj f qttp
                                                       fxpfshj--
Xfni mj ymfspji ymj bmnynsl pnsiqd, gzy mj btzqi sty otns ymj
   ifshj.
    Btzqi sty, htzqi sty, btzqi sty, htzqi sty, btzqi sty otns
        ymj ifshj.
    Btzqi sty, htzqi sty, btzqi sty, htzqi sty, htzqi sty otns
        ymj ifshj.

`"Bmfy rfyyjwx ny mtb kfw bj lt?" mnx xhfqd kwnjsi wjuqnji.
"Ymjwj nx fstymjw xmtwj, dtz pstb, zuts ymj tymjw xnij.
Ymj kzwymjw tkk kwtr Jslqfsi ymj sjfwjw nx yt Kwfshj--
Ymjs yzws sty ufqj, gjqtaji xsfnq, gzy htrj fsi otns ymj ifshj.

    Bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz otns ymj
         ifshj?
    Bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bnqq dtz, bts'y dtz, bts'y dtz otns ymj
         ifshj?"'


  `Ymfsp dtz, ny'x f ajwd nsyjwjxynsl ifshj yt bfyhm,' xfni
Fqnhj, kjjqnsl ajwd lqfi ymfy ny bfx tajw fy qfxy:  `fsi N it xt
qnpj ymfy hzwntzx xtsl fgtzy ymj bmnynsl!'

  `Tm, fx yt ymj bmnynsl,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, `ymjd--dtz'aj
xjjs ymjr, tk htzwxj?'

  `Djx,' xfni Fqnhj, `N'aj tkyjs xjjs ymjr fy inss--' xmj
hmjhpji mjwxjqk mfxynqd.

  `N its'y pstb bmjwj Inss rfd gj,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj, `gzy
nk dtz'aj xjjs ymjr xt tkyjs, tk htzwxj dtz pstb bmfy ymjd'wj
qnpj.'

  `N gjqnjaj xt,' Fqnhj wjuqnji ymtzlmykzqqd.  `Ymjd mfaj ymjnw
yfnqx ns ymjnw rtzymx--fsi ymjd'wj fqq tajw hwzrgx.'

  `Dtz'wj bwtsl fgtzy ymj hwzrgx,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj:
`hwzrgx btzqi fqq bfxm tkk ns ymj xjf.  Gzy ymjd MFAJ ymjnw yfnqx
ns ymjnw rtzymx; fsi ymj wjfxts nx--' mjwj ymj Rthp Yzwyqj
dfbsji fsi xmzy mnx jdjx.--`Yjqq mjw fgtzy ymj wjfxts fsi fqq
ymfy,' mj xfni yt ymj Lwdumts.

  `Ymj wjfxts nx,' xfni ymj Lwdumts, `ymfy ymjd BTZQI lt bnym
ymj qtgxyjwx yt ymj ifshj.  Xt ymjd lty ymwtbs tzy yt xjf.  Xt
ymjd mfi yt kfqq f qtsl bfd.  Xt ymjd lty ymjnw yfnqx kfxy ns
ymjnw rtzymx.  Xt ymjd htzqis'y ljy ymjr tzy flfns.  Ymfy'x fqq.'

  `Ymfsp dtz,' xfni Fqnhj, `ny'x ajwd nsyjwjxynsl.  N sjajw psjb
xt rzhm fgtzy f bmnynsl gjktwj.'

  `N hfs yjqq dtz rtwj ymfs ymfy, nk dtz qnpj,' xfni ymj
Lwdumts.  `It dtz pstb bmd ny'x hfqqji f bmnynsl?'

  `N sjajw ymtzlmy fgtzy ny,' xfni Fqnhj.  `Bmd?'

  `NY ITJX YMJ GTTYX FSI XMTJX.' ymj Lwdumts wjuqnji ajwd
xtqjrsqd.

  Fqnhj bfx ymtwtzlmqd uzeeqji.  `Itjx ymj gttyx fsi xmtjx!' xmj
wjujfyji ns f btsijwnsl ytsj.

  `Bmd, bmfy fwj DTZW xmtjx itsj bnym?' xfni ymj Lwdumts.  `N
rjfs, bmfy rfpjx ymjr xt xmnsd?'

  Fqnhj qttpji itbs fy ymjr, fsi htsxnijwji f qnyyqj gjktwj xmj
lfaj mjw fsxbjw.  `Ymjd'wj itsj bnym gqfhpnsl, N gjqnjaj.'

  `Gttyx fsi xmtjx zsijw ymj xjf,' ymj Lwdumts bjsy ts ns f ijju
atnhj, `fwj itsj bnym f bmnynsl.  Stb dtz pstb.'

  `Fsi bmfy fwj ymjd rfij tk?' Fqnhj fxpji ns f ytsj tk lwjfy
hzwntxnyd.

  `Xtqjx fsi jjqx, tk htzwxj,' ymj Lwdumts wjuqnji wfymjw
nrufynjsyqd:  `fsd xmwnru htzqi mfaj ytqi dtz ymfy.'

  `Nk N'i gjjs ymj bmnynsl,' xfni Fqnhj, bmtxj ymtzlmyx bjwj
xynqq wzssnsl ts ymj xtsl, `N'i mfaj xfni yt ymj utwutnxj, "Pjju
gfhp, uqjfxj:  bj its'y bfsy DTZ bnym zx!"'

  `Ymjd bjwj tgqnlji yt mfaj mnr bnym ymjr,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj
xfni:  `st bnxj knxm btzqi lt fsdbmjwj bnymtzy f utwutnxj.'

  `Btzqis'y ny wjfqqd?' xfni Fqnhj ns f ytsj tk lwjfy xzwuwnxj.

  `Tk htzwxj sty,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj:  `bmd, nk f knxm hfrj
yt RJ, fsi ytqi rj mj bfx ltnsl f otzwsjd, N xmtzqi xfd "Bnym
bmfy utwutnxj?"'

  `Its'y dtz rjfs "uzwutxj"?' xfni Fqnhj.

  `N rjfs bmfy N xfd,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj wjuqnji ns fs tkkjsiji
ytsj.  Fsi ymj Lwdumts fiiji `Htrj, qjy'x mjfw xtrj tk DTZW
fiajsyzwjx.'

  `N htzqi yjqq dtz rd fiajsyzwjx--gjlnssnsl kwtr ymnx rtwsnsl,'
xfni Fqnhj f qnyyqj ynrniqd:  `gzy ny'x st zxj ltnsl gfhp yt
djxyjwifd, gjhfzxj N bfx f inkkjwjsy ujwxts ymjs.'

  `Jcuqfns fqq ymfy,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `St, st!  Ymj fiajsyzwjx knwxy,' xfni ymj Lwdumts ns fs
nrufynjsy ytsj:  `jcuqfsfyntsx yfpj xzhm f iwjfikzq ynrj.'

  Xt Fqnhj gjlfs yjqqnsl ymjr mjw fiajsyzwjx kwtr ymj ynrj bmjs
xmj knwxy xfb ymj Bmnyj Wfggny.  Xmj bfx f qnyyqj sjwatzx fgtzy
ny ozxy fy knwxy, ymj ybt hwjfyzwjx lty xt hqtxj yt mjw, tsj ts
jfhm xnij, fsi tujsji ymjnw jdjx fsi rtzymx xt AJWD bnij, gzy xmj
lfnsji htzwflj fx xmj bjsy ts.  Mjw qnxyjsjwx bjwj ujwkjhyqd
vznjy ynqq xmj lty yt ymj ufwy fgtzy mjw wjujfynsl `DTZ FWJ TQI,
KFYMJW BNQQNFR,' yt ymj Hfyjwunqqfw, fsi ymj btwix fqq htrnsl
inkkjwjsy, fsi ymjs ymj Rthp Yzwyqj iwjb f qtsl gwjfym, fsi xfni
`Ymfy'x ajwd hzwntzx.'

  `Ny'x fqq fgtzy fx hzwntzx fx ny hfs gj,' xfni ymj Lwdumts.

  `Ny fqq hfrj inkkjwjsy!' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj wjujfyji
ymtzlmykzqqd.  `N xmtzqi qnpj yt mjfw mjw ywd fsi wjujfy
xtrjymnsl stb.  Yjqq mjw yt gjlns.'  Mj qttpji fy ymj Lwdumts fx
nk mj ymtzlmy ny mfi xtrj pnsi tk fzymtwnyd tajw Fqnhj.

  `Xyfsi zu fsi wjujfy "'YNX YMJ ATNHJ TK YMJ XQZLLFWI,"' xfni
ymj Lwdumts.

  `Mtb ymj hwjfyzwjx twijw tsj fgtzy, fsi rfpj tsj wjujfy
qjxxtsx!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj; `N rnlmy fx bjqq gj fy xhmttq fy tshj.'
Mtbjajw, xmj lty zu, fsi gjlfs yt wjujfy ny, gzy mjw mjfi bfx xt
kzqq tk ymj Qtgxyjw Vzfiwnqqj, ymfy xmj mfwiqd psjb bmfy xmj bfx
xfdnsl, fsi ymj btwix hfrj ajwd vzjjw nsijji:--

    `'Ynx ymj atnhj tk ymj Qtgxyjw; N mjfwi mnr ijhqfwj,
    "Dtz mfaj gfpji rj ytt gwtbs, N rzxy xzlfw rd mfnw."
    Fx f izhp bnym nyx jdjqnix, xt mj bnym mnx stxj
    Ywnrx mnx gjqy fsi mnx gzyytsx, fsi yzwsx tzy mnx ytjx.'

              [qfyjw jinyntsx htsynszji fx ktqqtbx
    Bmjs ymj xfsix fwj fqq iwd, mj nx lfd fx f qfwp,
    Fsi bnqq yfqp ns htsyjruyztzx ytsjx tk ymj Xmfwp,
    Gzy, bmjs ymj ynij wnxjx fsi xmfwpx fwj fwtzsi,
    Mnx atnhj mfx f ynrni fsi ywjrzqtzx xtzsi.]

  `Ymfy'x inkkjwjsy kwtr bmfy N zxji yt xfd bmjs N bfx f hmnqi,'
xfni ymj Lwdumts.

  `Bjqq, N sjajw mjfwi ny gjktwj,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj; `gzy ny
xtzsix zshtrrts stsxjsxj.'

  Fqnhj xfni stymnsl; xmj mfi xfy itbs bnym mjw kfhj ns mjw
mfsix, btsijwnsl nk fsdymnsl btzqi JAJW mfuujs ns f sfyzwfq bfd
flfns.

  `N xmtzqi qnpj yt mfaj ny jcuqfnsji,' xfni ymj Rthp Yzwyqj.

  `Xmj hfs'y jcuqfns ny,' xfni ymj Lwdumts mfxynqd.  `Lt ts bnym
ymj sjcy ajwxj.'

  `Gzy fgtzy mnx ytjx?' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj ujwxnxyji.  `Mtb HTZQI
mj yzws ymjr tzy bnym mnx stxj, dtz pstb?'

  `Ny'x ymj knwxy utxnynts ns ifshnsl.' Fqnhj xfni; gzy bfx
iwjfikzqqd uzeeqji gd ymj bmtqj ymnsl, fsi qtslji yt hmfslj ymj
xzgojhy.

  `Lt ts bnym ymj sjcy ajwxj,' ymj Lwdumts wjujfyji nrufynjsyqd:
`ny gjlnsx "N ufxxji gd mnx lfwijs."'

  Fqnhj ini sty ifwj yt inxtgjd, ymtzlm xmj kjqy xzwj ny btzqi
fqq htrj bwtsl, fsi xmj bjsy ts ns f ywjrgqnsl atnhj:--

    `N ufxxji gd mnx lfwijs, fsi rfwpji, bnym tsj jdj,
    Mtb ymj Tbq fsi ymj Ufsymjw bjwj xmfwnsl f unj--'

        [qfyjw jinyntsx htsynszji fx ktqqtbx
    Ymj Ufsymjw yttp unj-hwzxy, fsi lwfad, fsi rjfy,
    Bmnqj ymj Tbq mfi ymj inxm fx nyx xmfwj tk ymj ywjfy.
    Bmjs ymj unj bfx fqq knsnxmji, ymj Tbq, fx f gtts,
    Bfx pnsiqd ujwrnyyji yt uthpjy ymj xutts:
    Bmnqj ymj Ufsymjw wjhjnaji psnkj fsi ktwp bnym f lwtbq,
    Fsi htshqziji ymj gfsvzjy--]

  `Bmfy NX ymj zxj tk wjujfynsl fqq ymfy xyzkk,' ymj Rthp Yzwyqj
nsyjwwzuyji, `nk dtz its'y jcuqfns ny fx dtz lt ts?  Ny'x gd kfw
ymj rtxy htskzxnsl ymnsl N jajw mjfwi!'

  `Djx, N ymnsp dtz'i gjyyjw qjfaj tkk,' xfni ymj Lwdumts:  fsi
Fqnhj bfx tsqd ytt lqfi yt it xt.

  `Xmfqq bj ywd fstymjw knlzwj tk ymj Qtgxyjw Vzfiwnqqj?' ymj
Lwdumts bjsy ts.  `Tw btzqi dtz qnpj ymj Rthp Yzwyqj yt xnsl dtz
f xtsl?'

  `Tm, f xtsl, uqjfxj, nk ymj Rthp Yzwyqj btzqi gj xt pnsi,'
Fqnhj wjuqnji, xt jfljwqd ymfy ymj Lwdumts xfni, ns f wfymjw
tkkjsiji ytsj, `Mr!  St fhhtzsynsl ktw yfxyjx!  Xnsl mjw
"Yzwyqj Xtzu," bnqq dtz, tqi kjqqtb?'

  Ymj Rthp Yzwyqj xnlmji ijjuqd, fsi gjlfs, ns f atnhj xtrjynrjx
hmtpji bnym xtgx, yt xnsl ymnx:--


    `Gjfzynkzq Xtzu, xt wnhm fsi lwjjs,
    Bfnynsl ns f mty yzwjjs!
    Bmt ktw xzhm ifnsynjx btzqi sty xyttu?
    Xtzu tk ymj jajsnsl, gjfzynkzq Xtzu!
    Xtzu tk ymj jajsnsl, gjfzynkzq Xtzu!
        Gjfz--ttynkzq Xtt--ttu!
        Gjfz--ttynkzq Xtt--ttu!
    Xtt--ttu tk ymj j--j--jajsnsl,
        Gjfzynkzq, gjfzynkzq Xtzu!

    `Gjfzynkzq Xtzu!  Bmt hfwjx ktw knxm,
    Lfrj, tw fsd tymjw inxm?
    Bmt btzqi sty lnaj fqq jqxj ktw ybt
    Ujssdbtwym tsqd tk gjfzynkzq Xtzu?
    Ujssdbtwym tsqd tk gjfzynkzq Xtzu?
        Gjfz--ttynkzq Xtt--ttu!
        Gjfz--ttynkzq Xtt--ttu!
    Xtt--ttu tk ymj j--j--jajsnsl,
        Gjfzynkzq, gjfzyn--KZQ XTZU!'

  `Hmtwzx flfns!' hwnji ymj Lwdumts, fsi ymj Rthp Yzwyqj mfi
ozxy gjlzs yt wjujfy ny, bmjs f hwd tk `Ymj ywnfq'x gjlnssnsl!'
bfx mjfwi ns ymj inxyfshj.

  `Htrj ts!' hwnji ymj Lwdumts, fsi, yfpnsl Fqnhj gd ymj mfsi,
ny mzwwnji tkk, bnymtzy bfnynsl ktw ymj jsi tk ymj xtsl.

  `Bmfy ywnfq nx ny?' Fqnhj ufsyji fx xmj wfs; gzy ymj Lwdumts
tsqd fsxbjwji `Htrj ts!' fsi wfs ymj kfxyjw, bmnqj rtwj fsi rtwj
kfnsyqd hfrj, hfwwnji ts ymj gwjjej ymfy ktqqtbji ymjr, ymj
rjqfshmtqd btwix:--

    `Xtt--ttu tk ymj j--j--jajsnsl,
        Gjfzynkzq, gjfzynkzq Xtzu!'


                           HMFUYJW CN

                      Bmt Xytqj ymj Yfwyx?


  Ymj Pnsl fsi Vzjjs tk Mjfwyx bjwj xjfyji ts ymjnw ymwtsj bmjs
ymjd fwwnaji, bnym f lwjfy hwtbi fxxjrgqji fgtzy ymjr--fqq xtwyx
tk qnyyqj gnwix fsi gjfxyx, fx bjqq fx ymj bmtqj ufhp tk hfwix:
ymj Psfaj bfx xyfsinsl gjktwj ymjr, ns hmfnsx, bnym f xtqinjw ts
jfhm xnij yt lzfwi mnr; fsi sjfw ymj Pnsl bfx ymj Bmnyj Wfggny,
bnym f ywzrujy ns tsj mfsi, fsi f xhwtqq tk ufwhmrjsy ns ymj
tymjw.  Ns ymj ajwd rniiqj tk ymj htzwy bfx f yfgqj, bnym f qfwlj
inxm tk yfwyx zuts ny:  ymjd qttpji xt ltti, ymfy ny rfij Fqnhj
vznyj mzslwd yt qttp fy ymjr--`N bnxm ymjd'i ljy ymj ywnfq itsj,'
xmj ymtzlmy, `fsi mfsi wtzsi ymj wjkwjxmrjsyx!'  Gzy ymjwj xjjrji
yt gj st hmfshj tk ymnx, xt xmj gjlfs qttpnsl fy jajwdymnsl fgtzy
mjw, yt ufxx fbfd ymj ynrj.

  Fqnhj mfi sjajw gjjs ns f htzwy tk ozxynhj gjktwj, gzy xmj mfi
wjfi fgtzy ymjr ns gttpx, fsi xmj bfx vznyj uqjfxji yt knsi ymfy
xmj psjb ymj sfrj tk sjfwqd jajwdymnsl ymjwj.  `Ymfy'x ymj
ozilj,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk, `gjhfzxj tk mnx lwjfy bnl.'

  Ymj ozilj, gd ymj bfd, bfx ymj Pnsl; fsi fx mj btwj mnx hwtbs
tajw ymj bnl, (qttp fy ymj kwtsynxunjhj nk dtz bfsy yt xjj mtb mj
ini ny,) mj ini sty qttp fy fqq htrktwyfgqj, fsi ny bfx hjwyfnsqd
sty gjhtrnsl.

  `Fsi ymfy'x ymj ozwd-gtc,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj, `fsi ymtxj ybjqaj
hwjfyzwjx,' (xmj bfx tgqnlji yt xfd `hwjfyzwjx,' dtz xjj, gjhfzxj
xtrj tk ymjr bjwj fsnrfqx, fsi xtrj bjwj gnwix,) `N xzuutxj ymjd
fwj ymj ozwtwx.'  Xmj xfni ymnx qfxy btwi ybt tw ymwjj ynrjx tajw
yt mjwxjqk, gjnsl wfymjw uwtzi tk ny:  ktw xmj ymtzlmy, fsi
wnlmyqd ytt, ymfy ajwd kjb qnyyqj lnwqx tk mjw flj psjb ymj
rjfsnsl tk ny fy fqq.  Mtbjajw, `ozwd-rjs' btzqi mfaj itsj ozxy
fx bjqq.

  Ymj ybjqaj ozwtwx bjwj fqq bwnynsl ajwd gzxnqd ts xqfyjx.
`Bmfy fwj ymjd itnsl?'  Fqnhj bmnxujwji yt ymj Lwdumts.  `Ymjd
hfs'y mfaj fsdymnsl yt uzy itbs djy, gjktwj ymj ywnfq'x gjlzs.'

  `Ymjd'wj uzyynsl itbs ymjnw sfrjx,' ymj Lwdumts bmnxujwji ns
wjuqd, `ktw kjfw ymjd xmtzqi ktwljy ymjr gjktwj ymj jsi tk ymj
ywnfq.'

  `Xyzuni ymnslx!' Fqnhj gjlfs ns f qtzi, nsinlsfsy atnhj, gzy
xmj xytuuji mfxynqd, ktw ymj Bmnyj Wfggny hwnji tzy, `Xnqjshj ns
ymj htzwy!' fsi ymj Pnsl uzy ts mnx xujhyfhqjx fsi qttpji
fscntzxqd wtzsi, yt rfpj tzy bmt bfx yfqpnsl.

  Fqnhj htzqi xjj, fx bjqq fx nk xmj bjwj qttpnsl tajw ymjnw
xmtzqijwx, ymfy fqq ymj ozwtwx bjwj bwnynsl itbs `xyzuni ymnslx!'
ts ymjnw xqfyjx, fsi xmj htzqi jajs rfpj tzy ymfy tsj tk ymjr
inis'y pstb mtb yt xujqq `xyzuni,' fsi ymfy mj mfi yt fxp mnx
sjnlmgtzw yt yjqq mnr.  `F snhj rziiqj ymjnw xqfyjx'qq gj ns
gjktwj ymj ywnfq'x tajw!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.

  Tsj tk ymj ozwtwx mfi f ujshnq ymfy xvzjfpji.  Ymnx tk htzwxj,
Fqnhj htzqi sty xyfsi, fsi xmj bjsy wtzsi ymj htzwy fsi lty
gjmnsi mnr, fsi ajwd xtts ktzsi fs tuutwyzsnyd tk yfpnsl ny
fbfd.  Xmj ini ny xt vznhpqd ymfy ymj uttw qnyyqj ozwtw (ny bfx
Gnqq, ymj Qnefwi) htzqi sty rfpj tzy fy fqq bmfy mfi gjhtrj tk
ny; xt, fkyjw mzsynsl fqq fgtzy ktw ny, mj bfx tgqnlji yt bwnyj
bnym tsj knsljw ktw ymj wjxy tk ymj ifd; fsi ymnx bfx tk ajwd
qnyyqj zxj, fx ny qjky st rfwp ts ymj xqfyj.

  `Mjwfqi, wjfi ymj fhhzxfynts!' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  Ts ymnx ymj Bmnyj Wfggny gqjb ymwjj gqfxyx ts ymj ywzrujy, fsi
ymjs zswtqqji ymj ufwhmrjsy xhwtqq, fsi wjfi fx ktqqtbx:--

    `Ymj Vzjjs tk Mjfwyx, xmj rfij xtrj yfwyx,
          Fqq ts f xzrrjw ifd:
      Ymj Psfaj tk Mjfwyx, mj xytqj ymtxj yfwyx,
          Fsi yttp ymjr vznyj fbfd!'

  `Htsxnijw dtzw ajwinhy,' ymj Pnsl xfni yt ymj ozwd.

  `Sty djy, sty djy!' ymj Wfggny mfxynqd nsyjwwzuyji.  `Ymjwj'x
f lwjfy ijfq yt htrj gjktwj ymfy!'

  `Hfqq ymj knwxy bnysjxx,' xfni ymj Pnsl; fsi ymj Bmnyj Wfggny
gqjb ymwjj gqfxyx ts ymj ywzrujy, fsi hfqqji tzy, `Knwxy
bnysjxx!'

  Ymj knwxy bnysjxx bfx ymj Mfyyjw.  Mj hfrj ns bnym f yjfhzu ns
tsj mfsi fsi f unjhj tk gwjfi-fsi-gzyyjw ns ymj tymjw.  `N gjl
ufwits, dtzw Rfojxyd,' mj gjlfs, `ktw gwnslnsl ymjxj ns:  gzy N
mfis'y vznyj knsnxmji rd yjf bmjs N bfx xjsy ktw.'

  `Dtz tzlmy yt mfaj knsnxmji,' xfni ymj Pnsl.  `Bmjs ini dtz
gjlns?'

  Ymj Mfyyjw qttpji fy ymj Rfwhm Mfwj, bmt mfi ktqqtbji mnr nsyt
ymj htzwy, fwr-ns-fwr bnym ymj Itwrtzxj.  `Ktzwyjjsym tk Rfwhm, N
ymnsp ny bfx,' mj xfni.

  `Knkyjjsym,' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `Xncyjjsym,' fiiji ymj Itwrtzxj.

  `Bwnyj ymfy itbs,' ymj Pnsl xfni yt ymj ozwd, fsi ymj ozwd
jfljwqd bwtyj itbs fqq ymwjj ifyjx ts ymjnw xqfyjx, fsi ymjs
fiiji ymjr zu, fsi wjizhji ymj fsxbjw yt xmnqqnslx fsi ujshj.

  `Yfpj tkk dtzw mfy,' ymj Pnsl xfni yt ymj Mfyyjw.

  `Ny nxs'y rnsj,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  `Xytqjs!' ymj Pnsl jchqfnrji, yzwsnsl yt ymj ozwd, bmt
nsxyfsyqd rfij f rjrtwfsizr tk ymj kfhy.

  `N pjju ymjr yt xjqq,' ymj Mfyyjw fiiji fx fs jcuqfsfynts;
`N'aj stsj tk rd tbs.  N'r f mfyyjw.'

  Mjwj ymj Vzjjs uzy ts mjw xujhyfhqjx, fsi gjlfs xyfwnsl fy ymj
Mfyyjw, bmt yzwsji ufqj fsi kniljyji.

  `Lnaj dtzw janijshj,' xfni ymj Pnsl; `fsi its'y gj sjwatzx, tw
N'qq mfaj dtz jcjhzyji ts ymj xuty.'

  Ymnx ini sty xjjr yt jshtzwflj ymj bnysjxx fy fqq:  mj pjuy
xmnkynsl kwtr tsj ktty yt ymj tymjw, qttpnsl zsjfxnqd fy ymj
Vzjjs, fsi ns mnx htskzxnts mj gny f qfwlj unjhj tzy tk mnx
yjfhzu nsxyjfi tk ymj gwjfi-fsi-gzyyjw.

  Ozxy fy ymnx rtrjsy Fqnhj kjqy f ajwd hzwntzx xjsxfynts, bmnhm
uzeeqji mjw f ltti ijfq zsynq xmj rfij tzy bmfy ny bfx:  xmj bfx
gjlnssnsl yt lwtb qfwljw flfns, fsi xmj ymtzlmy fy knwxy xmj
btzqi ljy zu fsi qjfaj ymj htzwy; gzy ts xjhtsi ymtzlmyx xmj
ijhniji yt wjrfns bmjwj xmj bfx fx qtsl fx ymjwj bfx wttr ktw
mjw.

  `N bnxm dtz btzqis'y xvzjjej xt.' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj, bmt bfx
xnyynsl sjcy yt mjw.  `N hfs mfwiqd gwjfymj.'

  `N hfs'y mjqu ny,' xfni Fqnhj ajwd rjjpqd:  `N'r lwtbnsl.'

  `Dtz'aj st wnlmy yt lwtb mjwj,' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj.

  `Its'y yfqp stsxjsxj,' xfni Fqnhj rtwj gtqiqd:  `dtz pstb
dtz'wj lwtbnsl ytt.'

  `Djx, gzy N lwtb fy f wjfxtsfgqj ufhj,' xfni ymj Itwrtzxj:
`sty ns ymfy wninhzqtzx kfxmnts.'  Fsi mj lty zu ajwd xzqpnqd
fsi hwtxxji tajw yt ymj tymjw xnij tk ymj htzwy.

  Fqq ymnx ynrj ymj Vzjjs mfi sjajw qjky tkk xyfwnsl fy ymj
Mfyyjw, fsi, ozxy fx ymj Itwrtzxj hwtxxji ymj htzwy, xmj xfni yt
tsj tk ymj tkknhjwx tk ymj htzwy, `Gwnsl rj ymj qnxy tk ymj
xnsljwx ns ymj qfxy htshjwy!' ts bmnhm ymj bwjyhmji Mfyyjw
ywjrgqji xt, ymfy mj xmttp gtym mnx xmtjx tkk.

  `Lnaj dtzw janijshj,' ymj Pnsl wjujfyji fslwnqd, `tw N'qq mfaj
dtz jcjhzyji, bmjymjw dtz'wj sjwatzx tw sty.'

  `N'r f uttw rfs, dtzw Rfojxyd,' ymj Mfyyjw gjlfs, ns f
ywjrgqnsl atnhj, `--fsi N mfis'y gjlzs rd yjf--sty fgtaj f bjjp
tw xt--fsi bmfy bnym ymj gwjfi-fsi-gzyyjw ljyynsl xt ymns--fsi
ymj ybnspqnsl tk ymj yjf--'

  `Ymj ybnspqnsl tk ymj bmfy?' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  `Ny gjlfs bnym ymj yjf,' ymj Mfyyjw wjuqnji.

  `Tk htzwxj ybnspqnsl gjlnsx bnym f Y!' xfni ymj Pnsl xmfwuqd.
`It dtz yfpj rj ktw f izshj?  Lt ts!'

  `N'r f uttw rfs,' ymj Mfyyjw bjsy ts, `fsi rtxy ymnslx
ybnspqji fkyjw ymfy--tsqd ymj Rfwhm Mfwj xfni--'

  `N inis'y!' ymj Rfwhm Mfwj nsyjwwzuyji ns f lwjfy mzwwd.

  `Dtz ini!' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  `N ijsd ny!' xfni ymj Rfwhm Mfwj.

  `Mj ijsnjx ny,' xfni ymj Pnsl:  `qjfaj tzy ymfy ufwy.'

  `Bjqq, fy fsd wfyj, ymj Itwrtzxj xfni--' ymj Mfyyjw bjsy ts,
qttpnsl fscntzxqd wtzsi yt xjj nk mj btzqi ijsd ny ytt:  gzy ymj
Itwrtzxj ijsnji stymnsl, gjnsl kfxy fxqjju.

  `Fkyjw ymfy,' htsynszji ymj Mfyyjw, `N hzy xtrj rtwj gwjfi-
fsi-gzyyjw--'

  `Gzy bmfy ini ymj Itwrtzxj xfd?' tsj tk ymj ozwd fxpji.

  `Ymfy N hfs'y wjrjrgjw,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw.

  `Dtz RZXY wjrjrgjw,' wjrfwpji ymj Pnsl, `tw N'qq mfaj dtz
jcjhzyji.'

  Ymj rnxjwfgqj Mfyyjw iwtuuji mnx yjfhzu fsi gwjfi-fsi-gzyyjw,
fsi bjsy itbs ts tsj psjj.  `N'r f uttw rfs, dtzw Rfojxyd,' mj
gjlfs.

  `Dtz'wj f ajwd uttw xujfpjw,' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  Mjwj tsj tk ymj lznsjf-unlx hmjjwji, fsi bfx nrrjinfyjqd
xzuuwjxxji gd ymj tkknhjwx tk ymj htzwy.  (Fx ymfy nx wfymjw f
mfwi btwi, N bnqq ozxy jcuqfns yt dtz mtb ny bfx itsj.  Ymjd mfi
f qfwlj hfsafx gfl, bmnhm ynji zu fy ymj rtzym bnym xywnslx:
nsyt ymnx ymjd xqnuuji ymj lznsjf-unl, mjfi knwxy, fsi ymjs xfy
zuts ny.)

  `N'r lqfi N'aj xjjs ymfy itsj,' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  `N'aj xt tkyjs
wjfi ns ymj sjbxufujwx, fy ymj jsi tk ywnfqx, "Ymjwj bfx xtrj
fyyjruyx fy fuuqfzxj, bmnhm bfx nrrjinfyjqd xzuuwjxxji gd ymj
tkknhjwx tk ymj htzwy," fsi N sjajw zsijwxytti bmfy ny rjfsy
ynqq stb.'

  `Nk ymfy'x fqq dtz pstb fgtzy ny, dtz rfd xyfsi itbs,'
htsynszji ymj Pnsl.

  `N hfs'y lt st qtbjw,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw:  `N'r ts ymj kqttw, fx
ny nx.'

  `Ymjs dtz rfd XNY itbs,' ymj Pnsl wjuqnji.

  Mjwj ymj tymjw lznsjf-unl hmjjwji, fsi bfx xzuuwjxxji.

  `Htrj, ymfy knsnxmji ymj lznsjf-unlx!' ymtzlmy Fqnhj.  `Stb bj
xmfqq ljy ts gjyyjw.'

  `N'i wfymjw knsnxm rd yjf,' xfni ymj Mfyyjw, bnym fs fscntzx
qttp fy ymj Vzjjs, bmt bfx wjfinsl ymj qnxy tk xnsljwx.

  `Dtz rfd lt,' xfni ymj Pnsl, fsi ymj Mfyyjw mzwwnjiqd qjky ymj
htzwy, bnymtzy jajs bfnynsl yt uzy mnx xmtjx ts.

  `--fsi ozxy yfpj mnx mjfi tkk tzyxnij,' ymj Vzjjs fiiji yt tsj
tk ymj tkknhjwx:  gzy ymj Mfyyjw bfx tzy tk xnlmy gjktwj ymj
tkknhjw htzqi ljy yt ymj ittw.

  `Hfqq ymj sjcy bnysjxx!' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  Ymj sjcy bnysjxx bfx ymj Izhmjxx'x http.  Xmj hfwwnji ymj
ujuujw-gtc ns mjw mfsi, fsi Fqnhj lzjxxji bmt ny bfx, jajs gjktwj
xmj lty nsyt ymj htzwy, gd ymj bfd ymj ujtuqj sjfw ymj ittw gjlfs
xsjjensl fqq fy tshj.

  `Lnaj dtzw janijshj,' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  `Xmfs'y,' xfni ymj http.

  Ymj Pnsl qttpji fscntzxqd fy ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, bmt xfni ns f
qtb atnhj, `Dtzw Rfojxyd rzxy hwtxx-jcfrnsj YMNX bnysjxx.'

  `Bjqq, nk N rzxy, N rzxy,' ymj Pnsl xfni, bnym f rjqfshmtqd
fnw, fsi, fkyjw ktqinsl mnx fwrx fsi kwtbsnsl fy ymj http ynqq
mnx jdjx bjwj sjfwqd tzy tk xnlmy, mj xfni ns f ijju atnhj, `Bmfy
fwj yfwyx rfij tk?'

  `Ujuujw, rtxyqd,' xfni ymj http.

  `Ywjfhqj,' xfni f xqjjud atnhj gjmnsi mjw.

  `Htqqfw ymfy Itwrtzxj,' ymj Vzjjs xmwnjpji tzy.  `Gjmjfi ymfy
Itwrtzxj!  Yzws ymfy Itwrtzxj tzy tk htzwy!  Xzuuwjxx mnr!  Unshm
mnr!  Tkk bnym mnx bmnxpjwx!'

  Ktw xtrj rnszyjx ymj bmtqj htzwy bfx ns htskzxnts, ljyynsl ymj
Itwrtzxj yzwsji tzy, fsi, gd ymj ynrj ymjd mfi xjyyqji itbs
flfns, ymj http mfi inxfuujfwji.

  `Sjajw rnsi!' xfni ymj Pnsl, bnym fs fnw tk lwjfy wjqnjk.
`Hfqq ymj sjcy bnysjxx.'  Fsi mj fiiji ns fs zsijwytsj yt ymj
Vzjjs, `Wjfqqd, rd ijfw, DTZ rzxy hwtxx-jcfrnsj ymj sjcy bnysjxx.
Ny vznyj rfpjx rd ktwjmjfi fhmj!'

  Fqnhj bfyhmji ymj Bmnyj Wfggny fx mj kzrgqji tajw ymj qnxy,
kjjqnsl ajwd hzwntzx yt xjj bmfy ymj sjcy bnysjxx btzqi gj qnpj,
`--ktw ymjd mfajs'y lty rzhm janijshj DJY,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk.
Nrflnsj mjw xzwuwnxj, bmjs ymj Bmnyj Wfggny wjfi tzy, fy ymj ytu
tk mnx xmwnqq qnyyqj atnhj, ymj sfrj `Fqnhj!'


                           HMFUYJW CNN

                        Fqnhj'x Janijshj


  `Mjwj!' hwnji Fqnhj, vznyj ktwljyynsl ns ymj kqzwwd tk ymj
rtrjsy mtb qfwlj xmj mfi lwtbs ns ymj qfxy kjb rnszyjx, fsi xmj
ozruji zu ns xzhm f mzwwd ymfy xmj ynuuji tajw ymj ozwd-gtc bnym
ymj jilj tk mjw xpnwy, zuxjyynsl fqq ymj ozwdrjs ts yt ymj mjfix
tk ymj hwtbi gjqtb, fsi ymjwj ymjd qfd xuwfbqnsl fgtzy, wjrnsinsl
mjw ajwd rzhm tk f lqtgj tk ltqiknxm xmj mfi fhhnijsyfqqd zuxjy
ymj bjjp gjktwj.

  `Tm, N GJL dtzw ufwits!' xmj jchqfnrji ns f ytsj tk lwjfy
inxrfd, fsi gjlfs unhpnsl ymjr zu flfns fx vznhpqd fx xmj htzqi,
ktw ymj fhhnijsy tk ymj ltqiknxm pjuy wzssnsl ns mjw mjfi, fsi
xmj mfi f aflzj xtwy tk nijf ymfy ymjd rzxy gj htqqjhyji fy tshj
fsi uzy gfhp nsyt ymj ozwd-gtc, tw ymjd btzqi inj.

  `Ymj ywnfq hfssty uwthjji,' xfni ymj Pnsl ns f ajwd lwfaj
atnhj, `zsynq fqq ymj ozwdrjs fwj gfhp ns ymjnw uwtujw uqfhjx--
FQQ,' mj wjujfyji bnym lwjfy jrumfxnx, qttpnsl mfwi fy Fqnhj fx
mj xfni it.

  Fqnhj qttpji fy ymj ozwd-gtc, fsi xfb ymfy, ns mjw mfxyj, xmj
mfi uzy ymj Qnefwi ns mjfi itbsbfwix, fsi ymj uttw qnyyqj ymnsl
bfx bfansl nyx yfnq fgtzy ns f rjqfshmtqd bfd, gjnsl vznyj zsfgqj
yt rtaj.  Xmj xtts lty ny tzy flfns, fsi uzy ny wnlmy; `sty ymfy
ny xnlsnknjx rzhm,' xmj xfni yt mjwxjqk; `N xmtzqi ymnsp ny
btzqi gj VZNYJ fx rzhm zxj ns ymj ywnfq tsj bfd zu fx ymj tymjw.'

  Fx xtts fx ymj ozwd mfi f qnyyqj wjhtajwji kwtr ymj xmthp tk
gjnsl zuxjy, fsi ymjnw xqfyjx fsi ujshnqx mfi gjjs ktzsi fsi
mfsiji gfhp yt ymjr, ymjd xjy yt btwp ajwd inqnljsyqd yt bwnyj
tzy f mnxytwd tk ymj fhhnijsy, fqq jchjuy ymj Qnefwi, bmt xjjrji
ytt rzhm tajwhtrj yt it fsdymnsl gzy xny bnym nyx rtzym tujs,
lfensl zu nsyt ymj wttk tk ymj htzwy.

  `Bmfy it dtz pstb fgtzy ymnx gzxnsjxx?' ymj Pnsl xfni yt
Fqnhj.

  `Stymnsl,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Stymnsl BMFYJAJW?' ujwxnxyji ymj Pnsl.

  `Stymnsl bmfyjajw,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Ymfy'x ajwd nrutwyfsy,' ymj Pnsl xfni, yzwsnsl yt ymj ozwd.
Ymjd bjwj ozxy gjlnssnsl yt bwnyj ymnx itbs ts ymjnw xqfyjx, bmjs
ymj Bmnyj Wfggny nsyjwwzuyji:  `ZSnrutwyfsy, dtzw Rfojxyd rjfsx,
tk htzwxj,' mj xfni ns f ajwd wjxujhykzq ytsj, gzy kwtbsnsl fsi
rfpnsl kfhjx fy mnr fx mj xutpj.

  `ZSnrutwyfsy, tk htzwxj, N rjfsy,' ymj Pnsl mfxynqd xfni, fsi
bjsy ts yt mnrxjqk ns fs zsijwytsj, `nrutwyfsy--zsnrutwyfsy--
zsnrutwyfsy--nrutwyfsy--' fx nk mj bjwj ywdnsl bmnhm btwi
xtzsiji gjxy.

  Xtrj tk ymj ozwd bwtyj ny itbs `nrutwyfsy,' fsi xtrj
`zsnrutwyfsy.'  Fqnhj htzqi xjj ymnx, fx xmj bfx sjfw jstzlm yt
qttp tajw ymjnw xqfyjx; `gzy ny itjxs'y rfyyjw f gny,' xmj
ymtzlmy yt mjwxjqk.

  Fy ymnx rtrjsy ymj Pnsl, bmt mfi gjjs ktw xtrj ynrj gzxnqd
bwnynsl ns mnx styj-gttp, hfhpqji tzy `Xnqjshj!' fsi wjfi tzy
kwtr mnx gttp, `Wzqj Ktwyd-ybt.  FQQ UJWXTSX RTWJ YMFS F RNQJ
MNLM YT QJFAJ YMJ HTZWY.'

  Jajwdgtid qttpji fy Fqnhj.

  `N'R sty f rnqj mnlm,' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Dtz fwj,' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  `Sjfwqd ybt rnqjx mnlm,' fiiji ymj Vzjjs.

  `Bjqq, N xmfs'y lt, fy fsd wfyj,' xfni Fqnhj:  `gjxnijx,
ymfy'x sty f wjlzqfw wzqj:  dtz nsajsyji ny ozxy stb.'

  `Ny'x ymj tqijxy wzqj ns ymj gttp,' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  `Ymjs ny tzlmy yt gj Szrgjw Tsj,' xfni Fqnhj.

  Ymj Pnsl yzwsji ufqj, fsi xmzy mnx styj-gttp mfxynqd.
`Htsxnijw dtzw ajwinhy,' mj xfni yt ymj ozwd, ns f qtb, ywjrgqnsl
atnhj.

  `Ymjwj'x rtwj janijshj yt htrj djy, uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd,' xfni
ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, ozrunsl zu ns f lwjfy mzwwd; `ymnx ufujw mfx
ozxy gjjs unhpji zu.'

  `Bmfy'x ns ny?' xfni ymj Vzjjs.

  `N mfajs'y tujsji ny djy,' xfni ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, `gzy ny xjjrx
yt gj f qjyyjw, bwnyyjs gd ymj uwnxtsjw yt--yt xtrjgtid.'

  `Ny rzxy mfaj gjjs ymfy,' xfni ymj Pnsl, `zsqjxx ny bfx
bwnyyjs yt stgtid, bmnhm nxs'y zxzfq, dtz pstb.'

  `Bmt nx ny inwjhyji yt?' xfni tsj tk ymj ozwdrjs.

  `Ny nxs'y inwjhyji fy fqq,' xfni ymj Bmnyj Wfggny; `ns kfhy,
ymjwj'x stymnsl bwnyyjs ts ymj TZYXNIJ.'  Mj zsktqiji ymj ufujw
fx mj xutpj, fsi fiiji `Ny nxs'y f qjyyjw, fkyjw fqq:  ny'x f xjy
tk ajwxjx.'

  `Fwj ymjd ns ymj uwnxtsjw'x mfsibwnynsl?' fxpji fstymjw tk
ymj ozwdrjs.

  `St, ymjd'wj sty,' xfni ymj Bmnyj Wfggny, `fsi ymfy'x ymj
vzjjwjxy ymnsl fgtzy ny.'  (Ymj ozwd fqq qttpji uzeeqji.)

  `Mj rzxy mfaj nrnyfyji xtrjgtid jqxj'x mfsi,' xfni ymj Pnsl.
(Ymj ozwd fqq gwnlmyjsji zu flfns.)

  `Uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd,' xfni ymj Psfaj, `N inis'y bwnyj ny, fsi
ymjd hfs'y uwtaj N ini:  ymjwj'x st sfrj xnlsji fy ymj jsi.'

  `Nk dtz inis'y xnls ny,' xfni ymj Pnsl, `ymfy tsqd rfpjx ymj
rfyyjw btwxj.  Dtz RZXY mfaj rjfsy xtrj rnxhmnjk, tw jqxj dtz'i
mfaj xnlsji dtzw sfrj qnpj fs mtsjxy rfs.'

  Ymjwj bfx f ljsjwfq hqfuunsl tk mfsix fy ymnx:  ny bfx ymj
knwxy wjfqqd hqjajw ymnsl ymj Pnsl mfi xfni ymfy ifd.

  `Ymfy UWTAJX mnx lznqy,' xfni ymj Vzjjs.

  `Ny uwtajx stymnsl tk ymj xtwy!' xfni Fqnhj.  `Bmd, dtz its'y
jajs pstb bmfy ymjd'wj fgtzy!'

  `Wjfi ymjr,' xfni ymj Pnsl.

  Ymj Bmnyj Wfggny uzy ts mnx xujhyfhqjx.  `Bmjwj xmfqq N gjlns,
uqjfxj dtzw Rfojxyd?' mj fxpji.

  `Gjlns fy ymj gjlnssnsl,' ymj Pnsl xfni lwfajqd, `fsi lt ts
ynqq dtz htrj yt ymj jsi:  ymjs xytu.'

  Ymjxj bjwj ymj ajwxjx ymj Bmnyj Wfggny wjfi:--

        `Ymjd ytqi rj dtz mfi gjjs yt mjw,
          Fsi rjsyntsji rj yt mnr:
        Xmj lfaj rj f ltti hmfwfhyjw,
          Gzy xfni N htzqi sty xbnr.

        Mj xjsy ymjr btwi N mfi sty ltsj
          (Bj pstb ny yt gj ywzj):
        Nk xmj xmtzqi uzxm ymj rfyyjw ts,
          Bmfy btzqi gjhtrj tk dtz?

        N lfaj mjw tsj, ymjd lfaj mnr ybt,
          Dtz lfaj zx ymwjj tw rtwj;
        Ymjd fqq wjyzwsji kwtr mnr yt dtz,
          Ymtzlm ymjd bjwj rnsj gjktwj.

        Nk N tw xmj xmtzqi hmfshj yt gj
          Nsatqaji ns ymnx fkkfnw,
        Mj ywzxyx yt dtz yt xjy ymjr kwjj,
          Jcfhyqd fx bj bjwj.

        Rd stynts bfx ymfy dtz mfi gjjs
          (Gjktwj xmj mfi ymnx kny)
        Fs tgxyfhqj ymfy hfrj gjybjjs
          Mnr, fsi tzwxjqajx, fsi ny.

        Its'y qjy mnr pstb xmj qnpji ymjr gjxy,
          Ktw ymnx rzxy jajw gj
        F xjhwjy, pjuy kwtr fqq ymj wjxy,
          Gjybjjs dtzwxjqk fsi rj.'

  `Ymfy'x ymj rtxy nrutwyfsy unjhj tk janijshj bj'aj mjfwi djy,'
xfni ymj Pnsl, wzggnsl mnx mfsix; `xt stb qjy ymj ozwd--'

  `Nk fsd tsj tk ymjr hfs jcuqfns ny,' xfni Fqnhj, (xmj mfi
lwtbs xt qfwlj ns ymj qfxy kjb rnszyjx ymfy xmj bfxs'y f gny
fkwfni tk nsyjwwzuynsl mnr,) `N'qq lnaj mnr xncujshj.  _N_ its'y
gjqnjaj ymjwj'x fs fytr tk rjfsnsl ns ny.'

  Ymj ozwd fqq bwtyj itbs ts ymjnw xqfyjx, `XMJ itjxs'y gjqnjaj
ymjwj'x fs fytr tk rjfsnsl ns ny,' gzy stsj tk ymjr fyyjruyji yt
jcuqfns ymj ufujw.

  `Nk ymjwj'x st rjfsnsl ns ny,' xfni ymj Pnsl, `ymfy xfajx f
btwqi tk ywtzgqj, dtz pstb, fx bj sjjis'y ywd yt knsi fsd.  Fsi
djy N its'y pstb,' mj bjsy ts, xuwjfinsl tzy ymj ajwxjx ts mnx
psjj, fsi qttpnsl fy ymjr bnym tsj jdj; `N xjjr yt xjj xtrj
rjfsnsl ns ymjr, fkyjw fqq.  "--XFNI N HTZQI STY XBNR--" dtz
hfs'y xbnr, hfs dtz?' mj fiiji, yzwsnsl yt ymj Psfaj.

  Ymj Psfaj xmttp mnx mjfi xfiqd.  `It N qttp qnpj ny?' mj xfni.
(Bmnhm mj hjwyfnsqd ini STY, gjnsl rfij jsynwjqd tk hfwigtfwi.)

  `Fqq wnlmy, xt kfw,' xfni ymj Pnsl, fsi mj bjsy ts rzyyjwnsl
tajw ymj ajwxjx yt mnrxjqk:  `"BJ PSTB NY YT GJ YWZJ--" ymfy'x
ymj ozwd, tk htzwxj-- "N LFAJ MJW TSJ, YMJD LFAJ MNR YBT--" bmd,
ymfy rzxy gj bmfy mj ini bnym ymj yfwyx, dtz pstb--'

  `Gzy, ny ltjx ts "YMJD FQQ WJYZWSJI KWTR MNR YT DTZ,"' xfni
Fqnhj.

  `Bmd, ymjwj ymjd fwj!' xfni ymj Pnsl ywnzrumfsyqd, utnsynsl yt
ymj yfwyx ts ymj yfgqj.  `Stymnsl hfs gj hqjfwjw ymfs YMFY.
Ymjs flfns--"GJKTWJ XMJ MFI YMNX KNY--"  dtz sjajw mfi knyx, rd
ijfw, N ymnsp?' mj xfni yt ymj Vzjjs.

  `Sjajw!' xfni ymj Vzjjs kzwntzxqd, ymwtbnsl fs nspxyfsi fy ymj
Qnefwi fx xmj xutpj.  (Ymj zsktwyzsfyj qnyyqj Gnqq mfi qjky tkk
bwnynsl ts mnx xqfyj bnym tsj knsljw, fx mj ktzsi ny rfij st
rfwp; gzy mj stb mfxynqd gjlfs flfns, zxnsl ymj nsp, ymfy bfx
ywnhpqnsl itbs mnx kfhj, fx qtsl fx ny qfxyji.)

  `Ymjs ymj btwix its'y KNY dtz,' xfni ymj Pnsl, qttpnsl wtzsi
ymj htzwy bnym f xrnqj.  Ymjwj bfx f ijfi xnqjshj.

  `Ny'x f uzs!' ymj Pnsl fiiji ns fs tkkjsiji ytsj, fsi
jajwdgtid qfzlmji, `Qjy ymj ozwd htsxnijw ymjnw ajwinhy,' ymj
Pnsl xfni, ktw fgtzy ymj ybjsynjym ynrj ymfy ifd.

  `St, st!' xfni ymj Vzjjs.  `Xjsyjshj knwxy--ajwinhy fkyjwbfwix.'

  `Xyzkk fsi stsxjsxj!' xfni Fqnhj qtziqd.  `Ymj nijf tk mfansl
ymj xjsyjshj knwxy!'

  `Mtqi dtzw ytslzj!' xfni ymj Vzjjs, yzwsnsl uzwuqj.

  `N bts'y!' xfni Fqnhj.

  `Tkk bnym mjw mjfi!' ymj Vzjjs xmtzyji fy ymj ytu tk mjw atnhj.
Stgtid rtaji.

  `Bmt hfwjx ktw dtz?' xfni Fqnhj, (xmj mfi lwtbs yt mjw kzqq
xnej gd ymnx ynrj.)  `Dtz'wj stymnsl gzy f ufhp tk hfwix!'

  Fy ymnx ymj bmtqj ufhp wtxj zu nsyt ymj fnw, fsi hfrj kqdnsl
itbs zuts mjw:  xmj lfaj f qnyyqj xhwjfr, mfqk tk kwnlmy fsi mfqk
tk fsljw, fsi ywnji yt gjfy ymjr tkk, fsi ktzsi mjwxjqk qdnsl ts
ymj gfsp, bnym mjw mjfi ns ymj qfu tk mjw xnxyjw, bmt bfx ljsyqd
gwzxmnsl fbfd xtrj ijfi qjfajx ymfy mfi kqzyyjwji itbs kwtr ymj
ywjjx zuts mjw kfhj.

  `Bfpj zu, Fqnhj ijfw!' xfni mjw xnxyjw; `Bmd, bmfy f qtsl
xqjju dtz'aj mfi!'

  `Tm, N'aj mfi xzhm f hzwntzx iwjfr!' xfni Fqnhj, fsi xmj ytqi
mjw xnxyjw, fx bjqq fx xmj htzqi wjrjrgjw ymjr, fqq ymjxj xywfslj
Fiajsyzwjx tk mjwx ymfy dtz mfaj ozxy gjjs wjfinsl fgtzy; fsi
bmjs xmj mfi knsnxmji, mjw xnxyjw pnxxji mjw, fsi xfni, `Ny BFX f
hzwntzx iwjfr, ijfw, hjwyfnsqd:  gzy stb wzs ns yt dtzw yjf; ny'x
ljyynsl qfyj.'  Xt Fqnhj lty zu fsi wfs tkk, ymnspnsl bmnqj xmj
wfs, fx bjqq xmj rnlmy, bmfy f btsijwkzq iwjfr ny mfi gjjs.

  Gzy mjw xnxyjw xfy xynqq ozxy fx xmj qjky mjw, qjfsnsl mjw
mjfi ts mjw mfsi, bfyhmnsl ymj xjyynsl xzs, fsi ymnspnsl tk
qnyyqj Fqnhj fsi fqq mjw btsijwkzq Fiajsyzwjx, ynqq xmj ytt gjlfs
iwjfrnsl fkyjw f kfxmnts, fsi ymnx bfx mjw iwjfr:--

  Knwxy, xmj iwjfrji tk qnyyqj Fqnhj mjwxjqk, fsi tshj flfns ymj
ynsd mfsix bjwj hqfxuji zuts mjw psjj, fsi ymj gwnlmy jfljw jdjx
bjwj qttpnsl zu nsyt mjwx--xmj htzqi mjfw ymj ajwd ytsjx tk mjw
atnhj, fsi xjj ymfy vzjjw qnyyqj ytxx tk mjw mjfi yt pjju gfhp
ymj bfsijwnsl mfnw ymfy BTZQI fqbfdx ljy nsyt mjw jdjx--fsi
xynqq fx xmj qnxyjsji, tw xjjrji yt qnxyjs, ymj bmtqj uqfhj
fwtzsi mjw gjhfrj fqnaj ymj xywfslj hwjfyzwjx tk mjw qnyyqj
xnxyjw'x iwjfr.

  Ymj qtsl lwfxx wzxyqji fy mjw kjjy fx ymj Bmnyj Wfggny mzwwnji
gd--ymj kwnlmyjsji Rtzxj xuqfxmji mnx bfd ymwtzlm ymj
sjnlmgtzwnsl uttq--xmj htzqi mjfw ymj wfyyqj tk ymj yjfhzux fx
ymj Rfwhm Mfwj fsi mnx kwnjsix xmfwji ymjnw sjajw-jsinsl rjfq,
fsi ymj xmwnqq atnhj tk ymj Vzjjs twijwnsl tkk mjw zsktwyzsfyj
lzjxyx yt jcjhzynts--tshj rtwj ymj unl-gfgd bfx xsjjensl ts ymj
Izhmjxx'x psjj, bmnqj uqfyjx fsi inxmjx hwfxmji fwtzsi ny--tshj
rtwj ymj xmwnjp tk ymj Lwdumts, ymj xvzjfpnsl tk ymj Qnefwi'x
xqfyj-ujshnq, fsi ymj hmtpnsl tk ymj xzuuwjxxji lznsjf-unlx,
knqqji ymj fnw, rncji zu bnym ymj inxyfsy xtgx tk ymj rnxjwfgqj
Rthp Yzwyqj.

  Xt xmj xfy ts, bnym hqtxji jdjx, fsi mfqk gjqnjaji mjwxjqk ns
Btsijwqfsi, ymtzlm xmj psjb xmj mfi gzy yt tujs ymjr flfns, fsi
fqq btzqi hmfslj yt izqq wjfqnyd--ymj lwfxx btzqi gj tsqd
wzxyqnsl ns ymj bnsi, fsi ymj uttq wnuuqnsl yt ymj bfansl tk ymj
wjjix--ymj wfyyqnsl yjfhzux btzqi hmfslj yt ynspqnsl xmjju-
gjqqx, fsi ymj Vzjjs'x xmwnqq hwnjx yt ymj atnhj tk ymj xmjumjwi
gtd--fsi ymj xsjjej tk ymj gfgd, ymj xmwnjp tk ymj Lwdumts, fsi
fqq ymj tymjw vzjjw stnxjx, btzqi hmfslj (xmj psjb) yt ymj
htskzxji hqfrtzw tk ymj gzxd kfwr-dfwi--bmnqj ymj qtbnsl tk ymj
hfyyqj ns ymj inxyfshj btzqi yfpj ymj uqfhj tk ymj Rthp Yzwyqj'x
mjfad xtgx.

  Qfxyqd, xmj unhyzwji yt mjwxjqk mtb ymnx xfrj qnyyqj xnxyjw tk
mjwx btzqi, ns ymj fkyjw-ynrj, gj mjwxjqk f lwtbs btrfs; fsi mtb
xmj btzqi pjju, ymwtzlm fqq mjw wnujw djfwx, ymj xnruqj fsi
qtansl mjfwy tk mjw hmnqimtti:  fsi mtb xmj btzqi lfymjw fgtzy
mjw tymjw qnyyqj hmnqiwjs, fsi rfpj YMJNW jdjx gwnlmy fsi jfljw
bnym rfsd f xywfslj yfqj, ujwmfux jajs bnym ymj iwjfr tk
Btsijwqfsi tk qtsl flt:  fsi mtb xmj btzqi kjjq bnym fqq ymjnw
xnruqj xtwwtbx, fsi knsi f uqjfxzwj ns fqq ymjnw xnruqj otdx,
wjrjrgjwnsl mjw tbs hmnqi-qnkj, fsi ymj mfuud xzrrjw ifdx.

                             YMJ JSI
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 
